what is up guys welcome to the W show I
was hacked again this time by vitassium
and as many of you observed my wife
doesn't respect me oh have you read the
comments on that video it's wild we'll
talk about that later anyway in other
news this week one of our uh friends in
the industry has been embroiled in a
little bit of um oh controversy I'll
have to give you some
background on that oh
we'll use our panel of judges to review
I just got signed out of the doc so uh
nice um um uh I'm working on it wow it's
a good show what a what a great show by
a professional cloud cloud flare wants
to help block AI training Bots which is
actually sick uh and
California is is changing how companies
have to communicate purchases versus uh
basically renting software
a g pretty much what we do today which
is I'm very happy they're doing this
this is actually super
[Music]
cool the show is brought to you today by
remotely Squarespace jump cloud and of
course our chair partner secret lab and
laptop partner LG uh why don't we jump
into a little bit of behind the scenes
um that veritasium collab we actually
have been working on doing more collabs
because we realized that we've kind of
been stuck in our little bubble up here
in Vancouver and haven't talked to
anybody or collaborated with anybody
pretty much since Co and there have been
a couple of small exceptions but we used
to collab with other creators a fair bit
and we just
stopped In fairness to us we've been a
little busy especially over the last
year we've had some work to do getting
our house in order but we kind of talked
about this a couple of months ago I
guess and aligned on that hey we need to
kind of you know get out there put
ourselves out there start start seeing
people again I was pushing for this for
sure yeah think it's cool it's a good
it's a it's a yeah it's a good part
about being a Creator well and it's fun
you know I think it's fun for everybody
it's fun for me I like to think I'm fun
to collaborate with for other creators
and it's I think it's fun for the
audience as well to see these crossovers
anyway the veritasium collab was one
that completely fell into our lap uh
Derek reached out and he was basically
like look I think out of kind of
everyone that I could work with on this
you're probably one of the ones that
would appreciate what we're doing the
most um and I was like this sounds like
the coolest thing ever but something
people I think don't necessarily realize
is that in a production like this there
is a little bit of movie Magic that is
not to say that the attack Vector isn't
real it is real that is not to say that
if Derek wanted he couldn't have
intercepted my phone number put a skin
on it oh uh we could talk about my skin
a little bit later oh okay not right now
all right don't worry about it okay the
point is that he could have intercepted
my number yeah but if you observed
anything about the video that
a little weird um it's because it wasn't
my number because DK and our team had
serious um reservations around anybody
whether it's him or the security
researcher that he partnered with or
anybody um you know just willy-nilly
intercepting my communications I was mad
were you I saw video came up in my
notifications and I had a massive like
WTF why did you not tell me
oh yeah that actually makes sense yeah I
probably should have mentioned and I
skipped through the video be like what
happened do I need to be doing something
about like no one told me anything
happened and then I see your phone at
one point and I was like oh that's not
his phone okay and then I went all the
way back and just watched it casually
however however did you enjoy it yeah it
was good yeah so so one of the things
that um people seemed kind of upset
about in the video was that Ivonne
doesn't respect me why yeah I don't I
don't I would just like to give you guys
a little bit of background for what
happened in our interaction first of all
when I called her so I knew it was
coming from a real sim a Sim that they
obtained over the counter because the
point was not to just do a theoretical
demonstration the point was to do a
practical real life demonstration of how
this kind of an attack works it is very
real um so they just obtained a Sim and
put it into a phone but that wasn't my
sim so when I called Ivonne it was
coming from a completely different phone
number one that she wasn't familiar with
oh I didn't even cuz I knew that so I
didn't even
register okay so so I so when I first
called her I was just messing with her
at the beginning of the call did you
notice I I tried to make my voice sound
like like kind of like a scam I thought
this was pretty obvious to be
honest like I didn't I didn't even sort
of I've been sitting here confused about
what they would have even been talking
about cuz I thought it was like pretty
apparent so um so Evon hung up on me not
because she doesn't respect her husband
or doesn't want to talk to me she hung
up on me because she is a smart lady no
it's good who happens to be the
financial controller for a small to
mediumsized business depending on how
you measure it and is not interested in
talking to AI robocaller spam people
yeah um she did a great job it was
actually partially just because I had an
opportunity to just do a little test
like if I sounded a little weird would
she stay on the line or would she hang
up no that's good she did the right
thing she did 100% the right thing if
anything I yeah I just I thought that I
didn't so then I the one that I do want
to explain is that when I was actually
talking to her and I was kind of
explaining how the thing works and she
said I'm with Cindy and I was
immediately like okay bye and she was
like bye um the reason for that is
because our cat was sick um so we got
two kittens uh a few weeks ago man I
guess it's almost a month ago now we we
adopted two little kittens that were our
neighbor's friend found them in their
shed essentially so these are just like
wild cat kittens um and one of them
developed a fever and was super
lethargic and we contacted our vet
friend and we were like hey Cindy
context um
how long should we wait like CU I I know
from talking to you like the smaller the
animal potentially the the scarier any
kind of illness Tech always but for the
most part yeah but you know if if if you
don't like have a lot of blood and meat
and liquid in you you know not drinking
for a day is a lot bigger of a deal for
something you know like this with no
blood in it versus like if an elephant
didn't drink for a day it's probably
going to be okay it it does vary a fair
amount but but yeah it I think I think
we can say it's a general General
probably yeah so so it was enough for me
to ask and I'm like yo Cindy like how
long should we wait to to bring him in
and she goes a day at most and I'm like
okay uh so what's your availability like
um so she squeezed this in so the reason
that I'm with Cindy meant this
conversation needs to end right now oh
yeah cuz you're on a crazy time crunch
was because she was at the vet who had
graciously squeezed Us in to take care
of sick kitten if that was rude I'm rude
I was filming a video not that long ago
Emma called me and I answered and was
like I'm fing a video and she's like
okay bye and just immediately hung up
she did yeah so I don't know um it's
it's all fine so anyway I just wanted to
let you guys know there's a bit of
there's a bit of movie Magic in stuff
like this but the video was great the
attack is awesome extremely real and the
demo was 100% real but if there was any
kind of weirdness that you guys observed
it was because it was a little weird I
was calling from an unfamiliar number in
the first place I decided to do the
voice cuz I thought it was funny um I'm
actually kind of surprised he left that
in the cut I didn't really like I didn't
really contribute any of my thoughts to
how he should cut it together or how his
team should deal with that they were
super professional uh it was super cool
working with them I first met
Derek quite a few years ago at this
point five years ago or something like
that and um remember the co Gap yeah no
it was pre-co Gap at a Creator Summit I
think so yeah it so I first met him ages
ago no I'm thinking like it might be
closer to like seven is what I'm saying
no I don't think so I don't think
so dude seven years ago I wasn't cool
enough to get invited to a Creator
Summit that's 2017 I know yeah no I
didn't go to C no really yeah yeah no
dude even when I even when I went I
think it was 5 years ago I was like not
a cool kid you know like the dude
they're seriously like like massive
personalities at these things with you
know Global you know followings and huge
Brands and like like dude uh I think
that was around the time that like Dude
Perfect was signing like deals with
Nickelodeon you know and I'm like I hi I
make I make Tech tips um I can fix your
computer do do you want some tech tips
do you like
computers stop all the download
do
it so got him so I um so I was just
happy that you know cool kids like
veritasium and Michael from Vsauce were
even willing to like talk to me a little
bit um that was that was exciting I
never thought we'd collaborate and then
this one just happened completely out of
nowhere and I'm I'm so excited I think I
think Derrick's great um thought the
video was great really appreciated it I
learned a bunch of stuff but that's why
it was a little weird
and everything is okay we're okay
everyone's okay uh what else we want to
talk about this week you want to pick
our next topic sure uh do you want to
talk about Cloud flare Cloud flare has
intro announced to not introduce
announced a suite of tools called AI
audit which allows website owners to
monitor which Bots are crawling their
site as well as giving them background
on the Bots who owns them and what their
purpose is for example scraping
information for AI training cataloging
web pages which you know You' probably
want them to do or collecting
information for research users can also
choose to block all Bots to block them
based on purpose or to block them
individually according to cloudflare
users will eventually be able to sell
access to their site to these Bots
either with a flat rate or a scaled rate
based on their
purpose let's go Cloud flare yeah there
it was actually kind of a good week for
like Tech Giants doing pretty cool stuff
doing big like Enterprise level stuff as
well well I don't know if it's in the
dock but uh valve removed Force
arbitration from their from their um
their end user agreement is it not in
the dock no that that that's okay I mean
it's it was it's a huge thing the
internet's very happy there's a huge
thing but there's not a lot for us to
say about it other than that that
happened and that's super cool one of
the only times ever that terms and
conditions have changed and it's like oh
wow that's good for the better yeah
that is freaking awesome uh there there
was another big there was another big
one this week actually why don't we why
don't we jump right into one of our
other kind of oh this is sick more
exciting topics I am not positive show I
am not necessarily the the biggest fan
of you know regulation for the sake of
Regulation and I actually had a really
interesting conversation at Creator
Summit with a small Creator who um uses
YouTube shorts to promote their snack
business
like they they are only really on
YouTube because they made promotional
videos for their like restaurant that
they franchise out and they did really
well and they they're like at Creator
Summit I'm like okay well this will be a
cool conversation because that's not an
origin story I've heard
before anyway um anyway so it was really
cool but one of the things that he
mentioned to me was that working in the
Lone Star State you know uh opening up
in Texas was like easy as pie and the
the regulatory burden for like a small
like snack franchise somewhere like
California he said was much higher and
that it was very frustrating but you got
to give California props once in a while
because this this is cool is awesome
California has passed AB
2426 a new law that forces digital
storefronts to clearly state that they
are only offering a digital license at
the point of sale these companies Must
List all restrictions on the license
upfront including the fact that it can
be revoked digital storefronts cannot
imply that customers are buying a
product that they will own unless the
end user can permanently download the
product and use it offline indefinitely
so good companies that fail to do this
will be subject to a fine for false
advertising because that's what it is
and so they should be you do not buy
games you don't own games you lease them
in fact you don't even lease them
because there isn't a clear term there
isn't a clear term to the agreement you
are what even is it it's not it's like
month-to-month rental except buying a
temporary right or something right of
access by I mean it's okay yes yes yes
it's an access license I understand what
it is I just mean the way that they
phrased it in the past makes it sound
like you are buying games you go on the
valve what which tab is it what's
labeled store right you go on the store
that sounds like I'm buying a game does
it not people are like you forgot GG no
no we didn't I don't know what you're
even talking talking about G get off it
GG is great love go yes yes when you buy
a game from go that is a DRM free game
that you download you are buying the
game they're just not going to have to
change anything yeah we're not talking
about Gog we talk people will have to CH
we're talking about literally everything
else stop I don't hate hot dogs
my goodness the sponsor of the bill
assembly
member Irwin cited Ubisoft deleting the
crew from players accounts in April as
an example of why the law was necessary
absolute Chad nice move absolute Chad
good moves s+ thank you for paying
attention to stuff that sucks and going
well hold on a second is this a one-off
or is this a systemic problem this is a
system
problem California also passed another
law the phone-free school act which
requires schools to limit student access
to cell phones except in case of
emergency or with the permission of a
teacher administrator doctor or
individualized education program for
children with special needs this makes
California the 15th state to have passed
such a law I have got to say um there's
recently there's recently been a lot of
movement on cell phone bands and schools
here in Canada as
well I'm kind of cool with it oh yeah
I'm pretty glad that my kids by the time
they hit High School are not just all
going to be on their cell phones all day
I genuinely think it's a huge deal like
I I don't have kids but if I did I would
that you know of oh my goodness if I did
I would one success rate got to count
for something very much hope that this
would exist because I the the brain rot
is so
intense um billions of dollars going
into trying to corrupt your mind into
never leaving a device is not something
that you want flowing into the brain of
a child like it's just I don't know and
like I realize that we both literally
sound but think of the children right
now um but
actually but these are these are things
that at this point it's becoming fairly
well documented have negative effects on
still developing Minds hon it's it's a
think of the everyone like this screws
over adults and stuff too right but like
at a certain point you can't control
them and they're not even really control
they're just controlling them at school
which like that makes sense anyways yeah
what are you doing on your phone at
school that you need your phone for
theoretically nothing like school don't
a lot of the classrooms have laptops and
stuff now yeah depending depending
probably yeah and if you need one it
does yes yeah so like and if you don't
need one then then it's not going to
then it doesn't need it yeah so you
don't need your phone stop it's like I'm
honestly surprised that they I'm I'm hon
ly surprised that this took as long as
it did I mean they would they would
literally stop us from intercepting
pieces of paper that we passed to each
other
so how how how I mean I guess it can get
kind of complicated right you know oh
was is my personal property you can't
confiscate it from it but like that
never stopped anyone from confiscating
something from me I mean They
confiscated my Silly String when I
sprayed that girl with it I think the
rules changed yeah that was only because
she was the daughter of a teacher though
they wouldn't have done it for anyone
else I got an in school suspension for
Silly String who cares when I was in
grade one I I was racing little boats
down the stream that was at my school
with my friends on lunch or recess or
whatever and then I had my boat with me
in class and I wasn't even playing with
it I just had it with me and she took it
and she never gave it back which ever
how dare she I will literally never get
over this this will bother me forever
the fact that she never gave it back is
nuts his paper boat my Silly String in
suspension scarred for life school's
school's traumatic man it's traumatic I
mean my dad was always telling me about
the Catholic school and they they hit
his knuckles with the ruler and
everything I'm like Dad you had it easy
brother you had it what about my Silly
String oh man but no seriously I think
it's good
um there's the there's the arguments of
like oh yeah but you would have it on
you as a tool um so like learning how to
use it what yeah yeah you don't just
immediately stop learning when you leave
school either and like you'll get into
the you will have no problem learning
The Habit that your phone has answers to
things outside of school yeah I'm really
not worried about that I don't think
that kids need to be trained to use
their phone more yeah let's be let's be
real not an issue bad argument uh one
thing I want to add is there was a bunch
of cloud flare announcements actually
and some some of the other ones are
really cool one of the ones that I want
to point out was tweeted out by Troy
hunt um and shared to me by I think it
was handyman um any relation to
Mike you know Troy right
you I'm just being an man
uh uh rap Cloud for cloud play around
your site and they can now automatically
hit have I been pwn uh pwned passwords
during a login attempt check it against
our DB as in have I been pwned DB and
pass a request header to the origin if
the password has been breached that's so
cool actually super
awesome really
awesome if cloudflare could figure out
their Enterprise support I would be very
happy but your tools are great and have
always been really awesome I like
working with you very much no plans of
ever canceling subscription so I'm
putting myself in a bad negotiation
position but yourent price support has
always been a little bit questionable
and it's really expensive so if you
could figure that out that I would that
would be great thank you thank you very
much sick um we should
probably um update the sign what are we
supposed to do next uh if you want next
let's do a couple merch messages heck
yeah I mean how many how many topics do
we have to get through I mean we can we
can backload them that's fine I think
we're going to we already did three
topics Dan I don't know I don't know
what's going on I was doing math the
whole time trying to figure out when I'm
supposed to end this show so we whatever
we don't expect him to actually listen
to us he just says we we only pay him
enough to sit in the same room all right
left Mike let's keep going to
take come on we got deadlines we got
dying birds all
right oh oh dude
dude what the heck you better hope
they're alive when he gets home well
that's why I want to get him home
otherwise they will they will be they'll
be fine they're fine they're fine guess
what's here cargo pants I I would like
to take a moment to just point out that
these pants do not defy the laws of
physics so you cannot fit a submarine in
them oh um what well just there were
some people upset about the size of the
laptop somebody's going to upload a
picture with like a Lego submarine in
their pocket or lus lied again he was
wrong this was wrong anyway get them
boys the LT cargo pants are now here for
your wearing is that you is that one you
which one this one yeah yeah of course
yeah for your for your wearing and
viewing pleasure complete with Magnetic
pocket flaps Hammer Loops uh zipper back
pockets YKK baby loads of carrying
capacity with different sizes of either
pass through so see these ones here are
like passrs for pens or whatever else or
regular Pockets um yeah we flip and love
these we have spent a lot of time
developing them there's uh like an army
of internal people that absolutely swear
by them tinan I don't think ever takes
them off yeah he's always Andrew from
the camera crew only rarely removes his
uh I have been dailying these you've
probably seen them a lot in the videos
in case you're wondering um this is how
they patina
so they definitely change in color a
little bit but yeah I I actually really
like the way they fade out yeah I was
going to say if anything I think they
might look better um anyway it's
available now 21
Pockets gusseted crotch that allows for
a wide range of motion darted dual layer
knee pads that allow you to kneel in
them comfortably they're great for
everyday wear with a soft washed down
feel and available now at lm. g/c cargo
pants now there is a slight controversy
already because I'm addicted to
it we only offer different way sizes and
a 30in inseam at this time we are
exploring alternate inseam lengths which
is going to be good for taller
boys yes yes Dan I hear you um but we
need to see if we've let me put it this
way we've never really had oh Luke you
are standing in none of our camera views
yeah but you can't see my feet anyways
what a guy um there's no there's no
camera view that shows that yeah they
can none of our cargo other website oh
my goodness none of our lower half
products have ever been particularly out
of the park Grand Slam hits uh this one
actually does look like it's going
pretty well so far but we didn't want to
overcommit um every additional inseam
length adds another three four r 6 7 8
nine nine
SKS um so we we would like to restock we
have actually already done the work for
32 in and 34 in inseams inseam is crotch
to ankle right is that right if I recall
correctly yes um I don't know so
anyway yep we know and we're working on
it and if these ones sell well then we
will absolutely uh be looking to to do
more yes the other thing that is finally
here is the new spout lids for LTT water
bottles are now available we cleared out
all of the old
ones hey hey new and improved spout lid
V2 on every LT insulated water bottle
easier to hold easier to clean more
durable those are the main benefits and
I have a spout lid for myself to upgrade
to right now oh look at that we've got a
bunch of different colors how wonderful
is that got to love it I think the water
balls have been out for a while so now
you can get them again uh yeah the
packaging is plastic the reason is that
these are from the same it's the same
packaging we used on our old spout Lids
that we had and we just forgot that we
still used plastic packaging the last
time we ordered these which was a long
time ago we ordered like a ton of them
um and we never updated them on that we
wanted new packaging that didn't have
plastic so um we're sorry we've let you
down that is our bad um anyway I want to
do a quick demo of the durability
of the new lid and this is either going
to be a great moment in W show history
is this an Elon Musk throws steel ball
at at windshield dude we don't even need
to go Elon Musk to find an example of an
epic live fail when doing a product
demonstration is this is this a a
backpacked dual layer moment shank so uh
here we're going to go we're going to go
Linus cam here so what are you you going
to whack it against the table so you're
going to you're going to notice that the
threads are on the outside yes it feels
a little
funny on the lips but we felt that the
Improvement in cleanability incredibly
easy to clean now was worth was worth
the uh was worth the slight uh you know
issue there we have these little pull
tabs those are awesome on our O-rings in
the in the top one too yeah uh also also
in the top there's a little pull tab in
there so you can pull the o rings out
really clean them because guys you
should pull them out and you should
clean them on your water bottle on your
thermos on everything it is disgusting
the amount of Gunk that can get built up
in these um you said it doesn't fit the
old bottle right it does fit the old
bottle fit the old bottle I don't think
anyone said this is an old bottle ah the
very very OG bottles the very very first
order that we ever placed it fits them
but you got to screw them on like really
tighter at Leakes they change the
threading a little bit it won't affect
pretty much anybody uh because anyone
who upgraded to a new lid with those I
talked to customer service about it they
were like yeah basically anyone who
complained about it we replac their
bottles and like it's pretty much dealt
with um anyway uh the other thing what
what what's the other thing uh oh yeah
so this stays in
place real good
um but the big one is that yeah what's
he going to do we have upgraded the
durability of this handle here you're
dripping on your laptop well you know
what maybe you should have thought of
that before you gave me a laptop
okay so there's uh this one has like
kind of a little like sharp spot the old
one so the new one is nicely rounded so
when you're when you're carrying it like
this it doesn't like cut into your
fingers that's what you mean um okay but
the bigger difference is
that
plan hold on which way is uh which way
is tight the old one breaks about that
easily
okay that did in fact happen
yep I thought that was the new one and I
saw it instantly break when he did that
and I was like oh boy yall ready for
this yeah let me just hide the banner oh
yeah wait wait wait yeah
cool that's that's hitting pretty hard
that's harder than a drop let's go nice
okay all right break the table yeah
oh
goodness still good luk verify yeah yeah
no wouldn't lie to you it's good it's
good uh all right yeah there is I don't
even think there's a mark So spout lid
V2 there's probably a Merc on the
table is there yeah yeah yeah there's D
all right well water bottle one I guess
yep um so yeah cool there you go enjoy
so uh right merch messages now's a great
time to leave a merch message all you
got to do is go to LTT store.com throw
one of our great new water bottle V2 lid
plus water bottles or just a lid in your
cart and you'll see a little box pop up
for Merch messages you can also check
out the new cargo pants uh merch
messages will go to producer Dan who
will forward them to someone internally
respond to them himself sometimes
incomprehensibly um or he curate them
for me and Luke to respond to Dan do you
want to show them how merch messages
work yeah sure hey lonus I just got a
kitten his name is Kirkland really
excited since you have more cables than
anyone how do you keep them from chewing
on
cables um you hope that your cat doesn't
develop the habit of chewing on cables
uh in all seriousness though you can buy
um you can buy stuff that you kind of
paint onto it that tastes really really
bad to them that is probably the best
way to go about it uh you I mean you can
also try like you keeping the little
spritzer near and like giving them the
old Spritz when they do something that
they're really really not supposed to um
but it's the the bitter stuff is
probably your best
bet to my dear lonus Lucan Dan the man I
was wondering if any fixed uh fixed
shaft screwdrivers were in development
and if so what are the different
challenges in design compared to the
existing screwdrivers fixed craft fixed
craft it's hard to say fixed shaft
screwdriver fixed shaft started
development before Precision did um we
had sort of this grand um concept of
what it would look like where we would
have like um uh blades and handles that
were that were kind of stocked as as
pieces and we would almost build to
order so the idea was that uh we would
have kind of like with our desk pads
where it was like and our water bottles
where it's one price and you kind of
decide what size of one you need right
the idea was that we would just have a
screwdriver price and then you could mix
and match your blades and your handles
so if you wanted like a giant you have
giant hands and you wanted like a giant
handle with like a little Phillips
number one or something like that or you
wanted some a long one or a short one um
you'd essentially be able to get a
screwdriver in any configuration that
you wanted and if we could get the cold
press fit right then it would have all
the strength and like rigidity and
solidity of a fixed shaft screwdriver
but with the flexibility of of a
configurable
screwdriver um we did a lot of
development on that we we worked on a
version of the handle that has like a
rubberized over mold um I don't think
that ever went to actual injection
molding but we have like prototypes that
feel pretty darn good uh we designed a
bunch of different blades we worked out
sort of you know exactly what they would
be but where it kind of has stalled
right now is a process for assembly and
the risk of stalking that many SKS so if
you think about it Philips number two
let's say you know for Computer Builders
that's going to be one you're familiar
with how many Philips number two blades
do I need oh well hold on first how many
handles do I need we wanted about we
wanted five sizes we wanted um
small um extra extra small small medium
extra medium and large or something like
that I forget I forget exactly what we
called them but it was internal goof
names like they weren't they weren't uh
customer ready of those micro medium of
those we were going to do I think two
shaft girths so the the two biggest
sizes were going to be like a big boy or
actually oh it might have been three I
think it was three shaft girths so
already for each handle we're going to
need two molds or an insert mold um so
that that adds a bit of complexity as
well so like the big one you could do
like a giant like slot number three
right or you could do like a Phillips 2
and then the very smallest one you could
do like a tiny like triple triple Zer
Phillips or you could do up to maybe
like a Philips one right so you'd have
these like three uh these three blade
sizes and these five handle sizes and
there's going to be you wouldn't be able
to do like the smallest blade in the
biggest handle or vice versa but there'd
be some overlap there okay then we had
to figure out all the different tip
Styles right so a Phillips number two we
were going to need at least probably two
blades time however many lengths we want
to support So if you want like a stubby
length a medium length and a long like a
long boy then okay that's already what
what is that like six blades for Philips
number two and that's just that's just
one that's just one tip um then we had
to figure out a modular system for
labeling the the cap because we wanted
to be able to like put these into like a
block kind of like knives um and and be
able to easily see or just like some
kind of screwdriver holder like a
vertical one or angled one or whatever
uh we wanted to be able to to do like a
modular labeling system essentially and
we we came up with a system for that
they were just going to be like silicone
like like kind of butt plug shaped
things and they would just kind of pop
into the butt of the screwdriver the
butt end like in the butt um they were
like plugs and they go in
the what you're making it dirty it's the
butt of a screwdriver Dan around you
danced around everything else you just
went right in on that one oh yeah right
in yeah with the
just
um did I did I already say the right
okay so the other issue is the the
workflow and product management issue of
like how to just in time this um how to
turn our what is right now mostly a
warehousing operation that we work with
into like like screwdriver assembly on
site as well because for the regular
screwdriver assembly is actually done at
pH molds where they where they do the
molding they they like warm fit them um
so it pretty much is stalled we could
just we could just do what other people
have done and just find a screwdriver
set and just freaking I don't know like
put our brand like silk screen our brand
on it or whatever we could do that but
we For Better or For Worse often
approach a product and ask ourselves
what are we adding to this category and
if the answer is not really anything
then we kind of think maybe we just
shouldn't bother um we are currently
exploring a new way to tackle like fixed
is shaft screwdriver so it would be like
a um a multi-bit screwdriver but where
you swap out the entire blade but what I
told the team is look if it's not if
there's any wubble then to me it isn't
worth making like it's not a fixed shaft
screwdriver competitor at that point so
let's just not even bother uh but I
think uh Robert from the engineering
team at creater Warehouse has actually
been making some good progress on that
so um maybe we'll have something to
share with you guys in the next like 6
to 12 months but don't hold your breath
if you need a screwdriver go buy a
screwdriver brother like I'm not going
to not going to tell you it's going to
be like God's gift to screwdrivers it's
it's if we bring something out it'll be
great because otherwise why would we
bother making it but yeah um don't
deprive yourself of screwdriver
ownership on my Accord uh the last thing
that I'm supposed to cover for for the
um for the LT announcements period of
the show is modmat signups we're getting
closer to finally launching modmat so we
just want to remind you that if you want
to get notified the moment it drops you
can sign up at lg. g/m modmat it's going
to be affordable it's going to be
extremely high quality I think you guys
are going to be really really impressed
by it and I am based on how the last
couple launches have gone with the
Scribe driver and the Precision if you
aren't on the email list you're not
getting one
we
should if if that's going to be the we
might want to just order more stuff
um we're having some conversations
internally around our stocking strategy
I think um I think that um the pendulum
had swung pretty far toward ordering a
lot of stuff and then struggling to sell
through it in a reasonable amount of
time because unlike a lot of retail
operations ours is not entirely uh
self-contained
uh it has convenient access to Media
Empire cache that it can just kind of
use whenever it needs it so it has it
had gotten kind of fast and loose with
how much inventory it was allowed to
carry um so you know since Taran came on
one of his major priorities has been
taking care of dead and aging inventory
um so we have freed up a lot of cash
with uh lime day and there was another
promo that we did last Black Friday
Cyber Monday uh so we we freed up a lot
of cash so we actually have a lot of
stuff on order right now and we're going
to be flush with inventory and and more
inventory of the right things but I
think in the interim the pendulum might
have swung a little too far the other
way and we were being very conservative
about our order quantities and this is
just one of those things that you know
look we aren't your local retailer who
is taking an inventory from their
Regional distributor who is taking an
inventory from their um you know country
distributor who is taking an inventory
from the manufacturer and there's and
there's a well-developed supply chain
here that has enough excess at each
stage to help smooth out any any bumps
so that nobody gaps out right and and
even then things Gap out like Intel has
a controversy with 13th 14th gen and
they're out of stock everywhere nobody
nobody can get one like it happens even
to companies that have been doing this
for decades we haven't so and we don't
have the benefit of of of these
additional layers of the supply chain to
help us smoth things out we are ordering
directly from factories we are creating
custom products it's not like when when
we don't have uh Precision screwdrivers
uh we can just like Source another one
and swap it into our bit sets and ship
them no we we have to get them made we
have to get them machined we have to
Source all the pieces individually it's
um it's it's complicated and so when we
Gap out we tend to Gap out really hard
because it could be a 3 four month
turnaround in order to
get everything together get it all
assembled and and bring it into the
store so we're we're going to we're
going to be working on that we're going
to we're going to do a better job for
you guys but in the
meantime sign up for a notification from
modmat if you want one because otherwise
you might not get one we ordered these a
while back okay this says don't read the
title read the first point good job we
have a very special message from our
very own Riley let's watch um are you
doing this you're already playing audio
so pause it from somewhere else uh yes I
will I will do that and I made sure it
worked this week wow Dan I did the bare
minimum Yay good job good job no I think
I think that goes beyond bare minimum I
think that's
minimum not be that's a clothed
minimum thank
you okay are we doing this I was just
goingon to let it kind of hang here
awkwardly we don't have to do that we
could we could no it's fun all right
here we go okay so if you play that they
should hear it you should hear it back
flip watch
this whoa that was gnarly hey you want
what the [__] just
happened I have told that guy so many
times not at
work it was off hours don't worry about
it
I think do you know I think makes it
okay he has disclosed this publicly he
has had like so many concussions every
time he's like lonus I can do a backflip
I'm going to do a backflip I want to do
a backflip on stream I'm going to do
that I'm like no no I don't I it is not
worth the damage you could do to your
brain how did you allow this to
happen uh that was not during work hour
it doesn't matter don't encourage this
Behavior do you know what happened last
time he fell down the stairs I don't
know he missed work for like 2 months
but then he blew up now he's beloved
boy that is not the
point what's your takeaway from that it
was a funny
edit
sorry okay there you go guys hurting
yourself at work uh is a path to fame
here no I don't
know that's what he made it sound like
yes yeah no I do not approve of this
anyway let's just finish the
thing want to learn more fun facts about
me tune in to float plane for Riley week
all next week here's some fun
Clips got to get the blood up the core
issue with Star Wars today as I see it
is that it's struggling to change itself
how is your Tim Cook impression so good
I don't know the ship is not moving
shoot the ship what does being a
minimalist actually mean I'm going to be
so loud I'm going to be so
disruptive Bing Bong how is Riley's
mom
uh-oh you keep my mom's name out your
wow those were great you want more
subscribe to float plane I'm talking to
you
lonus what I'm sub I'm subscribed to
float
plane not technically well yeah I think
I'm subscribed enough
yeah think when I think when you sign
the checks to the development team
you're effectively
subscribed I don't think so actually all
right for those of you who don't know
what people weeks are it's when we
dedicate a week of float plane
exclusives to one person with the
addition of an extra float plane
exclusive so that's three extras rather
than the usual two a week uh Riley week
concludes an 18-minute Star Wars rant
office interviews and answering your
very own questions about Riley can you
guess which one was his idea 18-minute
Star Wars rant oh yeah I like how they
put a Time on it
cuz Riley spent an immense amount of
time writing his Star Wars rant it was
six pages so please give him love and
support by going to lm.
gly24 what does that do uh I have no
idea all right Dan hit us with a topic
you know what Luke hit us with a topic
I'm going to interject here I got a
message from Sammy
uh float plane wallpapers are currently
unlisted how you want we'll talk about
them later distribute them we'll talk
them ler as long as it's in your brain
another another topic yeah uh yeah okay
uh what do you want to talk about Luke
YouTube premium prices are on the rise a
it was such a good positive show so far
um okay okay let's go with something
else Intel lunar Lake uh no it's
actually no it actually looks very
promising yeah yeah multiple Outlets
have now benchmarked in's core Ultra
Series 2 or lunar Lake CPUs at least the
ultra 7 258 V unintelligible product
names aside insane the performance
appears to fall behind amd's topend
ryzen AI 9 HX
370 but it is worth noting that this
isn't the most performant lunar Lake
skew that would be the ultr 9288 V but
Intel didn't send that one out for
comparison testing despite this the arc
graphics 140v igpu is apparently both
faster and more efficient than the ryzen
radi or than ryzen's rad oh God what'
you do than ryzen's radon 890m according
to notebook check that is only a little
bit exciting um you know I personally
don't necessarily need you know 8%
faster mobile I mean I won't say no to
it that's fantastic but what that what
actually makes me excited about that is
maybe battle mage Won't Suck oh maybe
battle mage medicated Won't Suck maybe
Nvidia L some pressure on them come
on come on I I really need arc graphics
to be good and the other thing is that
the battery life apparently Rivals that
of the snap dragon laptops they've
tested PC World ran it through their
standard video rundown test looping a 4K
video at fixed brightness and lunter
Lake lasted 21 hours on a 73w hour
battery
you know what I got to tell
you framework investment
aside I never stopped using my Qualcomm
laptop like dude I love watch this watch
this I'm G to show you a magic
trick yeah just wait just wait wait it's
a good magic trick it's a good trick
okay watch wait for it
exciting trick it's not a very fast look
at that it it's not about the speed it's
about the quality of the trick I'm a
quality
trick not fast though not a fast
trick look at
that my battery isn't dead yeah dude if
you were me if you were me okay this
needs so much more story around it this
trick of yours if you were me okay you
would know that any other laptop in my
backpack if I pulled it out it would be
dead oh okay because I am really bad
about charging it and
um I just when I'm using it I just like
leave it on for long periods of time
because I'll be like referring back to
it for notes and so it'll just my laptop
is just always dead except this laptop
this laptop always alive I love it it's
amazing I just have my same like very
old at this point laptop that I just
drag the cable around everywhere for and
plug in in every room I go to dude it's
awesome MacBook battery life is a game
Cher and I would have loved to enjoy it
for the last few years except I just
can't Mac OS I'm I'm I just I I just
can't like and the funny thing is I
think that that was only because the
last time I tried or thought about it it
was like 3 or 4 years
ago now I probably could Mac OS
because pretty much everything I do has
transitioned has transitioned to a
browser in fact I was kind of thinking
my next challenge might be a Chromebook
challenge oh I I I have never I have
never really given chrom OS a daily
driver treatment like a real Fair shake
and these days is like yeah I'm using
Windows but I'm using Windows with
limited compatibility if I'm going to
use something with limited compatibility
I might as well open up my horizons to
Mac or Linux or Chrome
OS not Linux yet I'm waiting for Steam
OS I want Steam OS before I um Linux
again Chromebooks are what the heck
Chromebooks cost nothing
dude I mean part of that is because they
just use cheaper crappier Hardware yeah
but still like a hundred bucks yeah I
mean that's refurbished that's
refurbished come on but still Yes
actually noticed that part you're not is
that the new like fund name for
refurbished is that what that is yeah
wow it's renewed it it was it it wasn't
new but now it is
renewed it's new again um that's that
shouldn't have been
allowed anyway in other
news for Intel the company released
another mic code update to protect
Raptor Lake CPUs from crashing
specifically it prevents the CPU from
asking for too much power when it's
sitting idle or performing light
tasks um so yeah well good luck for them
I wish them luck with all of those
things I'm I'm actually pretty I'm
pretty H I know it's stupid and and it
and it maybe uh maybe it's no it's not
stupid I know that it doesn't affect me
personally because realistically I'm
going to I'm going to go for a 5080 or a
5090 this next gen I I swore I wouldn't
go 40 series and I didn't um but I am
still running 30 series or AMD and I am
I'm I'm ready battle mage I'm ready I
don't think there's going to be a
high-end skew and I would I would like a
high I we shot a sponsored video this
week and again you know investment
sponsorship whatever all of that aside I
upgraded to a 480 hurts
OLED so good so
good dude so I I want a faster
GPU I would like a faster GPU so that I
can enjoy more of that that super high
refresh rate high frame rate goodness um
and I'll probably upgrade my CPU too
even though I've already got a 79 50x
like I'm I'm probably going to want to
go x3d what I'm hoping is that 50 Series
and 9000 x3d will drop it around the
same time or I mean well yeah when is uh
when is core Ultra 2 or whatever when
when is the desktop core Ultra rumored
to be landing anyway I haven't checked
lately but I'm kind of hoping it'll all
line up handyman is saying that there's
5090 leaks oh yeah oh yeah it's supposed
to be like we don't really do leaks on
Wow anymore I don't know if you guys
noticed that we don't really like do
rumor Miller leaks but I don't even know
that yeah well I mean we
don't yeah you're not wrong it's just
cuz we don't care like we can talk about
it once it's out pretty true and of the
time the problem with us reporting on
leaks is that we would like know
so it created AIT little muddy trying to
remember what you read online versus
what you were told yeah and knowing
where the line is it is a little sketch
I don't know anything firsthand about 90
though so what I heard is that it's
supposed to be 600 watts uh but but a
real a real daddy chip though so 512 bit
bus 32 gigs gddr 7 that's that's the
current rumor but they going to put real
power cables into it uh yeah no it's
probably still going to be I heard they
might even do two of the High Vol
voltage power Connors so we'll see how
that
goes uh what else we got
today
uh did we actually do all the
announcements I don't think we did did
we do but let's give them a break from
announcements there's a lot of
announcements this week cool uh us bands
Chinese cars and kasperski becomes the
malware uh the current White House
Administration is planning to ban
certain hardware and software made in
China and Russia from Vehicles due to
the risks of surveillance and
sabotage the official press release
expresses concern that foreign
adversaries could gather information on
both American citizens and critical
infrastructure valid perhaps to disrupt
the operations of said infrastructure
valid The Proposal specifically mentions
Banning automated Driving Systems
suggesting the White House spars
Vehicles themselves could be used for
possible sabotage um somebody watched a
little bit of Fast and the Furious uh
around the same time Russian cyber
security company kasperski uh started
uninstalling its antivirus software from
American computers to comply with its
own us ban but the company also
installed a different antivirus software
on said computers while kasperski did
tell customers via email their existing
subscriptions would be transferred to
Alternative antivirus software Ultra AV
users claimed the auto installation
wasn't mentioned however Pango group
owner of ultra AV claims that kasperski
communicated the transition to users
starting on September 5th including an
inapp popup stating Ultra AV protection
will be automatically activated on your
device which uh I would immediately
think that my computer had been oh yeah
hacked to all heck 100% Ultra AV
protection doesn't even sound like uh
like a real thing no not at all like I
I'm I'm sure it is but it's not what we
use and we have a team of people who
determines what antivirus we use so
that's not something I've looked into a
lot personally I'm just saying that if
you don't follow you know the antivirus
industry that could easily sound like a
yeah that sounds like fake to be fair a
few of them do sound kind of fake um
yeah this is true so some
strike dude do you know Sentinel one
they're all like so intense do you know
how many years I called uh um h no never
mind go ahead ninja one and Sentinel one
also piing from two different companies
blows my mind constantly anyways
um some VI says I'm Pro it and I've
never heard of it so I don't even feel
that bad yeah uh some users were
especially freaked out because after
using a third party uninstaller app to
completely remove Ultra AV it just re
installed itself after they rebooted wow
very cool that is actual malware very
cool that is the definition of malware
something that installs itself without
user intervention and without user
consent I mean is that not malware well
it could be a form like in in their
defense it could be a form of like it
said a third-party uninstaller app right
so it could be a
defense if you're an antivirus do you
want third party uninstaller apps to be
able to uninstall you yeah probably not
yes I I will I will in their defense I
will put that out
there like if you use the actual
uninstaller I'd still be freaked out yes
100% but I think I kind of get it
especially if I knew anything about like
you know kasperski and the whole
situation that's gone down with them and
why they like aren't allowed in the
United States anymore and stuff just
just the whole thing feeling sketchy you
know yeah
yeah
okay um there's a yeah there's a there's
a work conversation buried in there
somewhere but we'll deal with that
another time
um reboot remaster update yeah we could
talk about that did we talk about that
on the show Dan I don't think so it was
a topic for last week but we didn't get
to it so it's continued into this week
that's right okay let's talk about it um
we have been in the background uh
providing a little bit of assistance
don't want to give ourselves credit for
the restoration because that goes to
other people but we've been trying to
help uh we've been trying to help mark
from disappearing Inc and the reboot
rewind documentary team with their
project to create highquality versions
of the classic 1994 CGI TV series reboot
a few months ago we reached out to the
community for help getting the D1
machines in their possession running
they have since given us an update on
their progress and some side by-side
comparison screenshots
they have one of three D1 machines
running and they have captured a few of
the 200 plus tapes the tapes do require
some tender love and care because the
magnetic media is showing signs of
degradation which is a good reminder of
how physical media will degrade over
time and modernization is always an
ongoing effort uh we have sourced and
now possess a full schematic set and
user manual huge thanks to the community
for all the leads and a good reminder to
support archival sites and the tapes and
the contents are still the property of
the original Studio Mainframe so the
captured results are released as
approved by Mainframe this is their
intellectual property but we do have
some comparison images that I would be
happy to show with to you guys check
this out here we
go
Dam do the slider do the slider slider
it's a slider oh yeah here we go here we
go here we go it's insanely better d
wow this is what the artist this is what
the artist created this is what 1994
technology could do via
broadcast dude dude they look that is so
sick they look so good that's wicked
dude dude dude dude stuff like this like
look how sharp that is look how sharp
that is I need I need to rewatch this
here's the first remastered episode on
YouTube hopefully we don't get in
trouble for this because like please
don't like we I swear we did help a
little bit we didn't do that much but we
did help a little bit so please don't
dude even me watching through YouTube
and you guys watching through my crappy
stream you guys are going to be able to
see that this is so much better so much
better absolutely sick yeah yeah it's an
HD
um oh so exciting we are we are
extremely happy to be even a small part
of this restoration effort so massive
shout out to the reboot rewind
documentary team and mark from
disappearing
Inc what else we got for this week Mr
Luke do you want to do a couple oh no
iPhone it's time for me to get mad oh um
it was brought to our attention so shout
out to the subreddit that ghost
keyboards uh used a photo of me
alongside a falsely attributed quote
endorsing their product I'm actually
just going to try and
find
um let me see if I can track this down
here it is I can get it in the dock if
you need okay got this ad from Ghost
keyboards uh so
this um best keyboard I have ever used
with like kind of you know creepy
mustache Photoshop thing this is from
this is a capture from Elijah's AMD ult
Tech upgrade and they are promoting this
uh this keyboard and they did a sale on
it or whatever else so here's the
situation if this was just like a meme
and obviously fake and just post it on
their Instagram which they did they did
also post it on Instagram that would be
one thing
um in my
opinion it was not obviously enough fake
for one thing um
for another thing the quote okay if it
was just the image it's already our
intellectual property being used for
commercial purposes that is that is
absolutely not fair use um the quote
makes it much worse because not only in
that video did I not say it was the best
keyboard I had ever used I advocated
against buying it and I discussed with
Elijah that I felt that it was not very
good quality for the money so that's
issue number two issue number three is
that aside from them posting it as a
meme on their Instagram or whatever else
there was a clear call to action for
people to purchase this keyboard based
on the image and issue number four is
that it was also sent soliciting members
of their email mailing list to buy the
key or to yeah to purchase the key
keyboard This goes so far beyond sort of
we didn't know better or like uh
engagement bait or Community engagement
or or or you know soft collaboration or
whatever the case may be um I know that
there's a number of people internally
who thought it was funny I didn't think
it was
funny I think that if it was clearly
marked that I did not think the keyboard
was a good value I did not think that it
was something that people should buy and
if they were kind of meing on that lus
says don't buy this keyboard uh we
disagree buy it whatever else there was
potentially angles where this could kind
of work at the very least we should have
gotten a heads up we didn't it just
appeared
um not
cool they have have done at least one
thing right since then um Colton reached
out to them via LinkedIn I believe uh
they apologized and they have removed
the post from Instagram um I personally
think there should be a public
retraction and a correction of the
record I would like to see that happen
um oh it's ghost keyboards those of you
asking who exactly this was um at this
point you know if that does happen then
I'm not going to I'm not going to
threaten any form of legal action or
whatever else it is they've already
removed the offending material however I
consider this a pretty solid First
Strike here and I don't think we'd be
open to collaborating with them in any
way any form until they have publicly
set the record straight on this um not
cool Ghost keyboards not
cool what else we got uh iPhones are
like repairable or something dude that's
really cool iPhone 16 got a 7 out of 10
repairability score for my Fixit that's
crazy Apple has launched its iPhone 16
lineup which has demonstrated a
significant improvement over the iPhone
15 in terms of repairability I thinks it
has given the 16 and 16 plus a rating of
7 out of 10 compared to the four out of
10 that it gave to their predecessors
it's an actually like enormous jump uh
perhaps the most notable change is to
the device's battery adhesive this
adhesive debonds on command this is so
cool this is genuinely very cool when an
electric current is run through it it's
so cool dude sorry sorry I interrupted
no it's fine no I'm going to interrupt
okay I get so angry when I see apple
Reinventing the wheel just to like screw
people over this is sick just to make
the device incompatible with a third
party you know version that costs a
third as much you know Apple
has colossal Monumental enormous
engineering resources at their disposal
and when they use it to work against the
interests of the consumer it drives me
absolutely crazy because this is what
they could have been doing that is so
cool so cool that is so
cool okay go ahead while this will AC
require users to acquire a new tool
allows for clean easily rep uh a clean
easily repeatable process for removing
the battery that limits the potential
for unintentional damage during repair
and it makes it
safer those those Pillow batteries they
can be extremely dangerous if they're
bent too much or they're punctured if
they're punctured this improves safety
not just not for the user this time it's
for the technician it's it's out of
consideration of the people who work on
these bloody
things apparently good job Apple
apparently the adhesive tape is a
product but I don't care it doesn't
really matter cool they integrated it
into their device they did the
validation they did they did the work
it's done it's in the product it
benefits the user I love it the removal
process is similar to jumping a car
battery and requires a pair of alligator
clip leads attached to a 12 to 30 volt
power source the user attaches the black
cable to a grounding screw near the
phone's charging port then attaches the
red cable to a special tab on the
battery really the the current will
cause a chemical reaction that debonds
the adhesive and allows the battery to
easily detach from the device after
around a minute and a half these
batteries also use a hard steel case
instead of a soft pouch reducing the
possibility of puncturing the battery
also cool dude are we are we on the
timeline where Apple goes back to like
like battery packs I mean we're slowly
making our way there I'd be down with it
um there's so many times that like I
catch myself constantly walking around
my phone Tethered to a battery Bank it
apparently works with lower voltages you
can just use a 9vt battery and just if
you can do that then you don't really
need a special tool so cool yeah so cool
which is
awesome the um the pros battery doesn't
feature the new adhesive but does but
does have the steel case the pro Max has
no battery
improvements really probably because
they stuffed as much battery in as
possible that thing gets 27 hours of
video playback holy crap yeah um so okay
nonetheless both now incorporate the
Dual entry design that debuted with the
iPhone 14 which allows the phone to be
opened from the front or the back which
allows many repairs to avoid removing
the fragile screen which is cool iOS 18
also has a new repair assistant while
the feature is currently a little buggy
it allows users to independently
calibrate replacement parts so that the
device will recognize them that's cool
that is cool the company is also making
device repairs Easier by no longer
requiring the device's serial number in
some cases adding a section of settings
that shows users the history of the
devices parts and repairs that's cool
yeah why not um it's also introducing an
anti- theft uh feature to block the
repair if the new part was from a phone
that had been reported as lost or
stolen I'm also down with that start off
with apple just you know fixing its own
problem that it created and then ended
pretty cool yeah if they can actually
enforce this I mean that's the thing
about you
know sleazy you know Black Market people
is they're going to find a way around
this but arms race hey you know what I
this overall seems like what they're
doing is uh good yes and and in in to
the benefit of their customer rather
than just to milk their customer I I
mean they they are going to milk you but
they're going to at least milk you to
your
benefit it's a mutually beneficial
milking uh what are we supposed to be
talking about should we should we talk
about the last oh my God we haven't done
sponsors yet okay the show is brought to
you by remotely being the only person
with tech knowledge in your family can
be a super obnoxious thing when Grandma
calls wondering how to check the
Facebooks but thankfully there there's
our sponsor remotely remotely offers
secure remote desktop software so you
can connect to your home PC whenever and
wherever it uses its own private relay
server and connection Cloud ensuring
your connection meets the highest
encryption standards whether you're
helping Mom troubleshoot need to work
from home or even if you need to game
from the office remotely has you covered
it supports up to 4K resolution hdr10
and okay this says zero latency and that
should not have made its way into our
talking points very low latency in
direct P2P connections while also
providing reliable and fast Cloud
connections currently it's available on
Windows and Android with Mac OS and iOS
versions coming in 2025 and to make
things even better their free version is
not time gated it's actually free
remotely offer solid pricing for both
home and Business users and you can
check them out at the link in the video
description the show was also brought to
you by Squarespace if you're looking for
a job we are hiring oh okay I thought it
meant Squarespace no we we are hiring
minus Media Group is hiring and you can
find the posting on our website which we
built with our sponsor Squarespace
Squarespace makes building a website
ridiculously easy so easy that our HR
team can post job listings without
bothering it applicants can fill out
their info and upload rums and cover
letters directly on the site and with
the Squarespace blueprint you get great
layouts and styling options ensuring
that your site looks perfect on any
device Squarespace also offers
award-winning templates for all kinds of
categories helping your website stand
out plus they've integrated optimized
SEO tools so you show up more often to
more people you can even invoice clients
right on Squarespace and accept payments
through debit credit acch and more so
don't wait start building your website
today and get 10% off your first
purchase by visiting squarespace.com
slw finally the show is brought to you
by jumpcloud do you know why your it
team is always glued to their desks
looking like they're in the middle of
diffusing a bomb it's cuz they're too
busy wrestling with 47 different systems
and resetting Colton's password for the
12th time this week but thanks to our
sponsor jumpcloud they can finally take
a breather jumpcloud simplifies
everything by centralizing device
management user identities and security
into one platform with jump Cloud you
can manage Windows Apple Linux and
Android devices from one place all while
working securely from anywhere they've
also got the jump Cloud Community where
it admins can learn more about jump
Cloud ask questions swap ideas and get
help from others in the industry it's a
space for all it Pros to connect and
share their knowledge need a handy
template or a script want to brush up on
integrating your hris you'll find it all
there now if only Colton could just
remember his password check out the jump
Cloud community at the link in the video
description all right we're supposed to
do three merch messages now apparently
thank you Dan you're welcome how's your
how's your fies doing this week they're
pretty good we've sold a lot of cargo
pants people seem to like them yeah
cargo pants they seem good so far I've
been sitting in them for about two hours
they're comfy that's good that's good
nice Luke didn't get any of the uh the
pre-production samples so he's just
trying them now yeah um on the topic of
oh no here it comes no I was going to
say that for later oh all right oh fine
what Luke how is Star Wars
Outlaws last week those of you who don't
have the context last week Luke was like
oh yeah why last week I think so why is
everybody hating so hard on this I fired
it up and I went around the like opening
area and it seems pretty good and I
logged off and then this week he showed
up on W show set he goes I logged back
in and I'm
bored the lockpicking mechanic is
amazing I will die on that Hill the
lockpicking mechanic is incredible it's
the best one I've ever ran into in a
game ever
personally it's
great and then you start needing to do
more stuff in the game at all and it's
like
uh okay I'm done I don't know it's like
it's it's very much you know that old
like meme about MMOs where they're like
ah yes but here's a new Quest get me
that book across the room and then you
have to walk over and grab it and bring
it back it's very much like like why
don't you use the force to get it yeah
you jackass yeah it's just like I don't
know it's
uh I don't think it's as bad as most
people are
saying but it's I don't know it's okay
cool that's a ringing endorsement it's
fine for a like 7080 game yeah I mean
it's better than uh better than a lot of
other Star Wars stuff coming out a
ringing
endorsement uh but yeah I don't know um
get the saach cheats if you haven't
already what I'm probably going to do
now is not launch it again uninstall it
best
mod just I've got other things going on
I don't have the time for for games that
are all right right now unfortunately
um
but yeah I don't know maybe I'll play it
again someday but yeah you probably
won't how's Final Fantasy 6 going good
enjoying it more than than what is it
even called Outlaws yeah oh how far are
you now uh where am I thanks for helping
me keep him accountable I finished all
of my stuff like a year ago so much less
stuff to do like a year ago though
that's fair dude you've had so
long like you're at this rate you're
going to take longer to beat it than I
did and I took like 10 years cuz I first
got it when I was like six I um I have
free use of the Airship I was older I
was older than that now and uh we we
just went through the long series of
effectively cinematics they're not
technically but effectively cinematics
of of you talking to the man what are
they called again espers you see the
esper like Realm and the you make you
make a baby oh yeah you do and you you
like go through all those steps and then
I have free use of the Airship and right
now I'm trying not to like you know just
Google everything so they're like yeah
go to that place I'm like where is you
got the map I gave you the map I do he's
got the paper map from my physical copy
of the game I think based on that I
figured out where it was flew over there
landed the ship and then logged off for
there yeah okay so that's where I'm at
so I haven't actually entered the place
to figure out if I actually did find it
or not but I I I don't know educated
guess okay so who's your who's your
Mains um what is this name okay so the
the trader chick that has Ric power I'm
not going to remember anything no I'm
kidding SS is great okay yeah she's one
of them um the the guy that has the what
is it Blitz moves yeah SA he's my
favorite one so far I really like the
whatever the one is that sends a bunch
of him across the screen when they're on
fire oh fire dance yeah yeah that one's
great I don't think it's actually called
that in this no it's not I'm I'm like
some of the characters names are even
different so I'm going original like
SNES Final Fantasy 3 and he's talking
Final Fantasy yeah yeah um and then the
other one is he uses tools and he has
autoc crossbow yeah Edgar yeah so those
are the four I tend to run that was four
well and then wait I think that was
three that was three so then who's
Myas that one oh and the thief guy but
he's like sucks oh but why do you m him
then I don't man him he's been with me
for a while now because of how the
story's been going I see okay yeah yeah
yeah okay um don't don't don't tell him
you guys don't tell
him oh I'm assuming he like gets good or
something I try to steal
all the time it never does anything but
I'm like I want to try so I I try at
least one version of like every mob that
I fight I will try to steal from I think
it's worked once the whole game oh dude
stealing from mobs is a complete waste
of time what is don't even bother they
never have anything good they never have
anything yeah that too like yeah why can
you even do it there's the occasional
one that's good like the fossil fangs
you can steal uh I think is I think it's
like elixir or something from them okay
um as as long as you can get it before
they like zombie your whole party and
you just die there's like there's stuff
that's good to steal from but for the
most part it's a waste of time I just
I'm trying to be very
thorough so like I think I told you in
in that one town near the beginning of
the game I was trying to figure out like
you know you you bring the guy alcohol
and then he lets you do whatever blah
blah blah blah blah and it turns out I
was doing it like too early you're
supposed to do it the next time you come
back or whatever so I'm like I'm trying
to be very thorough I'm talking to
everybody I'm doing everything so I
don't want to miss something because I
didn't try to
steal so I'm just every combat all right
almost you know when you when I run into
a repeat I don't do it again yeah okay
okay but nice all right well glad you're
enjoying it it is it is truly one of my
favorite games of all time yeah it's
been it's been good you've played Chrono
Trigger right no oh my
God you know I had a I had a really good
um um I had a really good chat with Carl
Jacobs at Creator Summit yeah he is an
appreciator of quality games I I don't
know I think I would trust him for game
recommendations over you I'm sorry but
you just you you're not familiar enough
with the
classics did you like Titanfall yes I
did two Titanfall 2 he he made me play
the single player campaign all right um
yeah what was the
question oh yeah okay okay Dan carry
on have it star Star Wars how how like
how like Star Wars hello lldd will there
be at any point an LTD belt for the
cargo
pants is this a naturual product from
us
oh that was perfectly timed I don't know
how we did that I want one so bad the
answer is no oh uh we have not been able
to find a supply
that meets my standards for like I was
excited cracking and uh and or
delamination and part of this might just
be the nature of leather goods but um I
it's just it's this like it's this like
top plasticky layer that basically
everyone in their dog wants to put on
them and I think we ended up trying like
between four and six different suppliers
just looking for someone who who could
give me something that was just a big
old thick piece of cod you know like
just just that nothing else and nobody
could do it and yeah cuz like if you
look at it it's just like it's a mess oh
yeah know I can tell and this is the
kind of thing that I just I wouldn't be
I wouldn't be comfortable selling buddy
from the island that made us these is
probably screaming right now
yeah I mean I'm sure if we wanted to
like you know
Artisan you know make way too expensive
per Bel 23 belts um sell 23 belts a year
or whatever like I'm sure we could
figure it
out but uh no you just need to get
natural leather not finished leather
well make them out of metal like a watch
band maybe we'll figure it out another
time but the other thing is like back to
our conversation earlier about how one
of the things that we look for in any
category is you know what are we adding
to the conversation and I couldn't
figure out what we were adding to the
conversation if like strapo leather
already exists um like my my old
Kirkland belt lasted a really long time
do I really want to go toe-to-toe with
Costco maybe
not what about shirts shirts yeah our
shirts are great yeah
yeah make a great belt oh well yeah well
we haven't found the right great
supplier yet just saying that doesn't
mean you can just never do belts you're
right you're right and and if we succeed
at pants for the first time ever maybe
there's then maybe we will look at belts
sure that's reasonable that's very
reasonable so far cargo pants are
looking like they are going to be a
success um and if that happens then yeah
we want to we want to do more inseams we
want to we want to do sure yeah belts uh
yeah no I know they're they're a little
short on you yep yep duly noted I get it
um the good news is is we've so far sold
through um probably about a fifth of our
inventory so nice yeah we we might move
through them all in which case yeah we
might be able to restock some other
sizes cool all right how about one more
what do we got here sure hit me Dan hey
dlll I wanted to order a dual sense 30th
Anniversary controller this week but
they sold out apparently mostly to
scalpers what can companies like Sony do
to combat this relatively shitty
Behavior hey Dan I'm sorry I just read
what was on the prompter that was my
fault
whoops
ah
Jesus is it really just
gray what just gray what if you just got
it has it comes with a cool cable dang
it oh it come look scroll down see if
they have a picture of the
cable uh where's the cool charging cable
I thought it comes with a cool charging
cable
there's a whole conversation internally
about
this uh I thought it comes with a cool
USBC cable oh wait cable not included
seriously okay well what happened to the
cool cable just just go get a gray skin
for your
controller I mean
sorry it's PS1 gray I'm sure somebody
sells PS1 gray
skins probably
I don't know dude I
um this is one of those things where and
you know what yeah the behavior like
sucks people who actually want it should
be the ones who have it totally but also
it is very difficult to stop yeah I mean
we tried and I actually think we did a
really great job did PR right but it
wasn't perfect and you know for example
one of the things that was pointed out
about the verified actual gamer program
uh where we had people like play a game
essentially as like the ultimate
recapture to prove that you were not
only a human but a gamer one of the
things that was pointed out to us after
the first few of them was it's not
really accessible you know someone could
be a gamer but like not be able to
interface game yeah interface with their
computer that way and we're like okay
shoot I'm
like what do you do to be accessible
enough for every person but also not
easily defeated by by a program right
it's it's really really challenging and
I I guess it kind of is what it is and
the good news is that it is a 30th
Anniversary controller it is not water
um yeah you'll be all right yeah it's
and I understand people are educating me
apparently the the the buttons are
colored and they're not always
colored uh sometimes their gray
controller looks like
that and now it look looks like that cuz
the buttons are colored but uh guys
you're not going to convince Luke with
that argument face I think you'll be
okay yeah I just I don't know
man oh I was expecting it to be like
Wicked and then when you were like oh
it's the cable I was like okay this is
going to be sick and
then it's
gray the cable's pretty cool here let me
see if I can find this here look who's
not nostalgic no I am it's just okay
that is pretty cool yeah so it's a us
more than the controller so yeah it
comes with the the console that yeah
that actually looks pretty legit I like
that but this is this is a
toy you know it's an expensive toy for
adults but it but it's a toy and I um
it's not even a toy that provides access
because you can just have any other
controller like it's not like you know
when when ps5s themselves were being
scalped and no one could get a PS5 yeah
like to be clear I like cool controllers
yeah me too I I I really do like I my my
favorite of my my Xbox controllers of
which I own probably somewhere between a
dozen and 15 yeah um is the the one that
went out to the people who developed the
console a handful of them flipped them
and uh you know what I paid way too much
money for that controller um but
realistically it was a fraction of what
I paid for my most expensive controller
so it's a it's a bit of an investment
yeah if anyone wants to buy a golden
Xbox controller by the way the previous
buyer flaked so uh you know get in touch
he gold flaked it's very much for
sale didn't you want that Gears of War
Xbox controller yeah and I I got it yeah
but just like I don't know it but the
Gears of War Xbox controller has like
claw marks in the controller that go
into the plastic like they actually did
a different mold for it at least yeah so
that's
something this is this it is a cool
controller it has the Retro PlayStation
logo with the with the colors on it
stuff like that that they should have
never ditched Etc but it's also it's
just a great controller okay I
mean okay so confirm pre-order so you
have to pay $150 on top of the like $80
it is for the controller or whatever on
top of yeah I would assume so
really confirmed order yeah are you
buying an order you're buying or are you
buying the
controller oh apparently that uh that uh
gears one was um laser edged so okay
either way like they're doing it was
different it was cool is this just like
Nostalgia baiting yeah oh it's dude it's
100% Nostalgia baiting yeah 100% so you
got and it's sick if you were going to
buy buy a controller anyways this is a
cool controller to buy but if you pay a
bunch of money you're getting Nostalgia
baited
yeah Nostalgia baited I got it it's
pretty good yeah pretty good I was
reaching for it I was reaching for it a
little bit all right we got a couple
more topics here why don't we talk about
um the Concord controller is cooler than
the game was that looks pretty
neat kind of funny that they're selling
these yeah that's kind of cool
why don't we talk about our friend in
the
industry ah yes the big controversy this
week the one the only MKBHD released a
wallpaper app um for your phone okay IOS
and Android
and a significant portion of the
community was quite let's
say put
out yeah um about this situation their
rbls were roused this is one of those
things where you know honestly speaking
guys I um you know I'm not going to
comment on the business decisions of you
know a fellow Creator um but what I will
say is it was very clear that the
community was not happy about the option
for a $50 a year premium
subscription um that effectively pay
walled the the maximum quality of these
wallpapers
um for people who were not um interested
in that there was also some some upset
around some of the requested permissions
of the particular app um there was some
some commentary and some observations
around the quality of the app yeah um I
believe that it turned out is is is it
true that it was functionally just
linking to a shared Google drive it was
it so it was a it was a fire
download server but there was no
authentication on it so anyone could
just download it and people set up Bots
to scrape it cuz they were talking about
how they were going to do like you know
I don't remember exactly the detail so
I'm sorry but like some type of part of
the idea of the subscription is that
they were going to drop new like artist
packs and and things like that so you
could get new wallpapers all the time so
people set up Bots that were scraping it
which because they never signed any type
of agreement or anything technically
they didn't technically even buy pass
anything it's technically legal then
yeah um there was also some upset about
the revenue share which from my
understanding was
5050 um and then even going into the
hours leading up to this show there has
been some upset that um Marquez himself
didn't really properly address the
community's concerns on the latest
waveform podcast so that's kind of the
summary that um that I think that's
probably the best summary I can give you
guys of of why people are upset um I'll
give sort of a short Devil's Advocate
argument here at least they're not
nfts yeah yeah
honestly they they did give you just a
straight up download of the I think the
word scam is one that gets overused a
lot these days I saw a lot of people
describe the wallpaper app as a
scam what it is not a scam what is is
for a lot of people probably not a great
value what it isn't is a scam it
communicates pretty clearly what you're
going to get and what it what you're
going to give up yeah and if that's a
value proposition that is acceptable to
you then it's not a SC then you are more
than welcome to pay it and if that is
not a value proposition then you are
more than welcome to not pay it that is
not a scam a scam is representing
something as something that it isn't a
scam would be if I said um go to LT
store right now and every order comes
with a free this um secret skin that I
have on the back of my phone uh and then
it just I'm still wondering about and
then it just didn't arrive yeah that
would be a scam yeah it isn't a scam um
hll stof says but Linus is there a line
where something is bad enough value that
it becomes a scam no that is not what
scam means scam means that you have been
deceived you have not been deceived you
are getting image files you are sending
money and permissions on your phone
those things are all disclosed therefore
it is not a scam it's not your thing
it's not your B
baby but it isn't a
scam that kind of make sense no some
people don't see some people don't seem
to understand
this
um I looked up scam a fraudulent or
deceptive act or operation vinan says by
the same argument $1,000 HDMI cables are
not a scam well they can or they can't
be if they claim to give you better
audio quality or better video quality do
then they are a scam because they don't
do that if they are just expensive and
they literally just say there are $1
thousand HDMI cables that make you feel
a warm feeling inside for being able to
afford them when other people can't then
that's not a scam I am I I I I this
shouldn't this really shouldn't surprise
me that much given how many people I
mean I started this segment with a lot
of people seem to misuse the word scam
so I really shouldn't be that confused
that a lot of people don't know what it
means but
that that's not what scam
means scam is fraud scam is lying nobody
lied nobody scammed anybody um nobody's
money was was removed forcefully with
against their will um so it's not a
scam would I charge a $50 subscription
for wallpaper
images I was about to say yes you know
what sure let's do it new announcing now
here on the WAN show now available at
flow.com
is the LTT wallpaper pack I'm going to
can I can I show the CMS is is that okay
can I show the CMS that's fine right uh
I think I just I'm going to show the CMS
uh it'll be fine it'll be fine you'll
like it okay I'm showing the CMS right
now going live for LTT um sorry LTT
supporter OG and LTT supporter and just
text posts going live only for LT
supporter plus which is available for
$10 a month or $50 a year you said
earlier in the show that you're going to
do the $5 one cuz it's I think you did
oh wait oh yeah no no that's right SC
scam no no I did the math wrong he
almost scamm
I did the mouth wrong but no you got to
do you got to do OG as well no I don't
oh but they're supposed to get
everything no they only get everything
that we originally promised them this is
new this is net new scam radar no no no
no all right tell you what fine sure you
will get these
wallpapers
created this actually looks like all
Sarah's stuff uh I believe this is all
Sarah they just kind of scramble
yeah they just they threw this together
they threw this together in the minutes
before the show you will be able to get
all of these
wallpapers all you have to do is sign up
for float plane at at least our $5 a
month or $50 a year tier yeah there you
go
yeah let's see let's see let's watch
people turn this into Linus's scamming
his audience I'm I'm excited for it oh
man they did a dead pixel one yeah dog
the dead pixel one one could be used LTT
phone wallpapers for floaties let's
go woo look at that wow what a wallpaper
yeah dead pixel um that's that's that's
on purpose I was expecting these to be
garbage these are actually pretty
cool what did you just say what did you
just say about the valued member of our
team no I wasn't sure how hard you were
going to me like you know when we were
doing those sales and it's 9:00 p.m. and
nickl light's only there and he goes
like he draws a stick figure like more
orange shirts no this is like I was
surprised at how fast she turned all
these around these are great yeah the uh
the the one with the uh waves on it and
the logo is what we use on the YouTube
background as well that one's pretty
damn cool we've got uh oh hold on uh
wait which ones are the desktop ones I
thought they were oh wait no they're
only phones yeah here are some
wallpapers no reason why they're
uploaded now
um thank you for that Sammy
okay I thought we had to oh that makes
sense that they would be phone ones that
we got to we got to compete we got to
compete head tohe with
our we're uh planning on this
necessarily being like a thing that we
do all the time no it's really not um
we're just uh we're just having some fun
with it so do I think that this was the
world's most brilliant um tactical move
um I can't say that based on the
community
feedback it um
seems like
it um is it a scam no no it is it is
factually by definition not a scam so
like calling it a scam is just telling
other people you don't understand what a
scam is yeah um but I do think maybe you
know maybe you count s lucky for that
but I do think that this is you know
maybe something that needs to be
addressed in order to sort of rebuild
Goodwill with the community
um and so that's probably the that's
probably the best advice which I I think
they're doing I'm sure they're working
on it I I hope they're working on it I
hope they're I hope they're working on
it funny funny hats asks me what about a
ripoff um I think lots of things are a
ripoff I think that basically any
designer Lael article of clothing is a
ripoff I was recently made aware that
the t-shirt that the Zuck wears that
just like gray t-shirt is like $400 of
course um I personally consider that to
be a ripoff he doesn't a ripoff it
absolutely could be but a ripoff is
subjective scam is not that's where
these two terms differ it's definitely
not a scam if you think it's a ripoff
it's a
ripoff that's it and we could discuss
that right but it isn't a scam that's
all do you have any IDE how many LTT
shirts you can get for $400 I do
actually you can get
20 well don't forget about the shipping
maybe 15 plus shipping depending on
depending on where you live okay all
right all right taxes sure mind you you
no you have to pay taxes on the $400
shirt too actually you got to pay
shipping on that too actually I think
we're doing pretty good
hey um Luke's Birds unfortunately this
is my last week on float plane oh no you
won't get our second pack of wall papers
just kidding I don't think we're going
to do another one no probably not I
asked Sarah to just kind of oh no lonus
your face is now my MacBook screen sa
yeah okay that's great guess who just
resubbed to float plane just for
wallpapers this
guy the system works that wasn't the
point you knew what you were doing
intern i i was mostly just Ming for the
people who are already subscribed to
float plane Dan these they're they're
just pngs or jpegs or whatever they are
there's no uh screen cap the screen yeah
people yeah if right click the YouTube
if you want to steal it just uh there
quick press print screen you got this
you can go through all of them go for it
I'm going to do it again I'm going to do
again get the way the merch message out
of way the merch message out of there
get that merch message out of there
doing it I'm doing it hold on I can no
I'll move it down I'll move down I got
you no I got you I got you down okay
here you go okay quick quick quick
screenshot that white dot
yeah I actually love that float plane
one they also really don't have to be
that fast cuz once they get the VOD they
can just they really cool yeah they're
like actually good yeah well of course
they are it's Sarah what you I'm always
Blown Away by the stuff that comes out
of that well I just I thought she had
like five minutes and would do like one
I didn't expect it was going to be she
did have like five minutes she just has
a lot of uh she has just a lot of really
great artwork that she's worked on over
the years and extremely competent yeah I
like competent
people I I just do I really
do let's play a game okay let's play a
game really quick
um what do you think will be the
dominant misinterpretation of that
segment we just did oh yeah that's a
good
one um
um
downplaying the Privacy
stuff oh okay okay well let's address
that then let's address that really
quick it's really bad okay okay what's
next sounds like in in if I can throw my
hat in the ring there as someone who has
had
to in some cases write in other cases
work with lawyers to write in other
other cases write and then work with
lawyers to write and then ReRe it for
them and be like is this better and
they're like yeah and I'm like cool
thanks yeah um that has happened
actually more than
once um these things more than he knows
even yeah I bet yeah these things suck
and I I have no idea I have literally
talked to none of them I bet you they
were just like hey lawyer people can you
please write one of these for us and
they were like sure blonc and just wrote
it too aggressive because in a tweet
that I saw I think they were like yeah
we're not even Gathering all this stuff
we just like wrote it
too too harsh yeah I do I I suspect
there is some amount of stuff for the
free tier for the advertisement delivery
stuff like that and there is there is
some stuff they really just like needed
to not do like that like the whole thing
about yeah it took a colossal amount of
work to make it launch on Android and
iOS at the same time multi cotland
multiplatform there was a there was a
couple things why say that if you like
don't you know didn't do that I if it
was maybe give us a ring next time we
got you it is actually kind of funny to
me how often I watch other creators just
like stumble through things um making
stuff is hard when when when we already
stumbled through it and like they have
my digits and like I'd have been happy
to chat with them about it I don't know
I you know on the other hand though we
we we can we can kind of
y that's a really good point we do that
literally all the time
yep uh maybe maybe creators just
actually kind of suck at uh reaching out
sometimes including very much
us um there's there's some there's some
pretty good ones there's some pretty
good ones in the chat um lonus doesn't
understand how words change over
time which is just another way of them
saying they don't understand that scam
actually does have a definition and it
doesn't mean that uh we got another one
lonus is just out to protect other Tech
tubers unwilling to criticize them um we
we straight up did no no no no no no no
no this isn't no no it's not oh these
are theories on what the controvery
might be don't be so defensive for once
it's him and not me this is great let's
fight oh no there was another there was
another really good one there was
another really good one uh lonus critic
izes marquez's wallpapers then launches
his own behind a
subscription at the same price actually
accurate take yeah actually accurate
take yeah I love it um Trevor Trevor w
asks bad faith question how is this
different than your stance on horse
armor my stance on horse armor is that
it it's a different thing it was the
first Pebble rolling down the hill that
caused an avalanche of colossal shiness
in gaming which fundamentally changed
how Gam are made and played moving
forward nobody is buying this wallpaper
app this is not going to change I
guarantee you some people do okay sure
but this is not going to fundamentally
change anything about the wallpaper
economy which
is infinite infinitesimally I forget the
word but whatever it's it's it's
vanishingly small and the idea of paying
for wallpapers has existed for decades
and the number of people who pay for
them is still exactly what it is today
this is going to change nothing is is
sort of why I don't really care about
it yeah I think the negative reaction to
it was overblown um I think the negative
reaction to a lot of stuff in this space
is insanely overblown and has been for a
while now I do I do also understand why
um like why people were so frustrated in
this case I mean because it's someone
whose job is to advise people on making
good value decisions when they purchase
Mobile
Electronics um and this doesn't seem to
be aligned with that um I do think that
I I do think that there's also some
friction that's around just paying for
art um and I think that's contributing
to the outrage but I do also I do see
where people are coming from I just
think that this could have been messaged
better it could have been handled better
it didn't have to be a disaster and I
I just think it's overblown like we saw
we saw
like genuinely taking over the Internet
level trending of people just like
trying to light him on fire and it's
like yeah it's been a lot maybe chill a
it's been a lot like you can you can
express
your like it's not good but I can
personally think of times that would
have made more sense to light Marquez up
over like it's just well no I I just I
just mean it's yeah it's an overpriced
product yeah dude and there's some
there's some yeah F subjectively
subjectively by the way I just got I
don't know how Crystal manages this but
she manages like something I respond to
in basically like every show it feels
like at Linus we need a scam shirt it's
exactly the same as every other shirt
but it cost like but it costs like four
times as much and just says scam on the
front I am so down and I'm down right
now I am sending this to Nick and Sarah
I am sending it to them right now oh man
I will bring you I will bring you the
biggest scam t-shirt that you have ever
seen oh what if you what if
you it's probably not worth it but what
if you got it like poorly
printed no unacceptable yeah I wouldn't
do that okay actually or what if we
didn't print it at all what if it's just
our blank shirt and it just costs
more it's it's it's our black shirt and
we just like include a
Sharpie no we should we should put like
we should we should screen print like a
little scam like on the inside so you'll
know you got scammed but no one else
will see it oh that's pretty good um
okay well we'll work we'll work on some
concepts for a scam shirt but what I can
promise you is that it will cost more
than our regular shirt that's the only
thing that I will promise you right now
it will be more
expensive
why cuz you got scammed that's why
okay that's not even a scam no it's not
even a scam okay okay we'll have to make
some oh no oh this is dangerous I you
can actually do it no I can't actually
yeah okay well whatever you'll think
it's a scam maybe put scam in quotes
M okay well we'll we'll work on it we
we're going to work on it we're going to
work on it you could uh you could pay to
have the concept of a shirt shipped to
you and then you just ship them a
box we could share half of the profits
with MKBHD we could people are just
they're offering they're offering
suggestions uh Workshop the scam
shirt no I'm going to I'm going to let
I'm going to let Sarah do her magic you
you've already seen I just I think
people going in and being like you've
ruined your whole reputation
forever stupid this but like there was a
lot of people that's so stupid like guys
chill it's it's all the people who have
never made a mistake yeah like it's the
never made a mistake crowd d relx I
don't know I don't know I mentioned this
on the pre-show we're deep enough in the
show now maybe I'll just say it but like
honestly I'm pretty thrilled with
Marquez right now oh you're right right
yeah yeah yeah he has single-handedly
done more to take the heat off of me for
a change than any other human being on
the face of the
planet thank you
Marquez for once I am not the most
controversial Tech
tuber nice it's nice yeah I feel like I
need like a celebratory dut or something
like I just it feels good feels good
send them like a a vanue cake or
something mind you mind you now that
we've now that we've launched our own
our own wallpaper subscription uh maybe
we'll be embroiled in the same
controversy did I mention you can get
yours now at float plane.com
poost z4g well whatever you'll you'll
figure it out yeah you guys will figure
it out yeah apparently uh this is so
funny apparently all the wallpapers are
already posted on Reddit yeah of course
they are this is dude this is great look
at the comments on this um I never
thought I'd sub to float plane this was
too good of a deal I think I missed some
context why is everyone saying scam I
know it's a joke
[Laughter]
but oh my goodness this is amazing yeah
thank you guys so much I used I used
Riley 24 to subscribe and download these
that's pretty good as well actually cuz
they're they're tracking that to see how
well the the concept work oh thank you
thank you we genuinely appreciate your
guys support by the way uh float playe
pays for our development team uh it pays
for people like Sammy to to do their
jobs bring you is great behind the
scenes content um thank you thank you
very much the wallpapers uh if you
decide to throw a couple of bucks at it
hey we we we got to pay Sarah somehow
you should probably after downloading
them go check out the exclusives or
something which is what the platform's
like actually for it's very unlikely
we're ever going to upload wallpapers
again this is not a wallpaper thing also
we might be bringing back some Early
Access oh cool yeah not across the board
but selectively um to add to the float
plane fun we're doing an early access
release for our new secret shopper this
time who are we secret shopping I'm
actually pretty excited about
this framework we secret shopped
framework lus is not involved they don't
know they know now wait did we talk
about this last week I don't think so oh
okay so I I pretty sure I learned about
it today so yeah they don't they don't
know um they are finding out probably
now yeah right now yep someone sending a
frantic message which order was it um
yeah did you have them shipped here no
yeah I didn't course not also I didn't
have them do anything well yeah yeah we
I this was it was mentioned last week I
don't remember that weird well it was
all delegated I recused myself anyway uh
it comes out tomorrow September 28th on
float plane and then later on in the
week on YouTube cool uh finally the last
announcements thing we got to we got to
pair these down a little bit next week
is Ridge wallet collab we've been
working with Ridge for five plus years
oh oh sick and we finally got around
whoops whoops whoops whoops I'll get
this we finally got around to doing a
proper product collab this is on a
wallet that will'll be launching on
October 1st it has a cool circuit board
design from our one and only Sarah butt
and it comes with both a cash strap and
a money clip and it has extra silver
screws in the box so you can change the
look according to your tastes ah you had
to drop something well look okay I saw
the sticker and I was like wow I'm
surprised you saved that all right there
you go there's your money clip and then
there's the super cool like circuit
inspired design look sharp very
cool all right what else we talking
about today oh wait is this after dark
Dan I can never tell anymore no we're
not in after dark yet it says that on
the thing what's with your phone dude
that means you're supposed to do it we
talk about that after stop we've got uh
what 45 minutes left did we talk about
YouTube premium prices going up I don't
think so well they're going up in a lot
of parts in the world and that's the
world and that's a bummer okay there we
did a quick one there uh we might see
high-fi Rush too that's exciting nice uh
um Floppy Bird returns but it's a scam
okay might actually legitimately be a
scam not sure but maybe don't do that
and Discord introduces Dave they're
rolling out end to-end encryption for
audio and video calls it will not
however be encrypting text
communication right which they say is to
facilitate moderation and ensure safety
on the platform but if it's an audio
call then you don't need to anyway uh
discord's current moderation involves
both user reporting and a combination of
image hashing and machine scanning to
flag csam other forms of automated
moderation are controlled by Community
moderators on the server level the full
technical details for discord's
audiovisual endtoend encryption protocol
which they call Dave is outload up
outload outlined in a white paper
they've published likewise its backing
libraries are open source to allow for
public transparency and scrutiny by
security researchers at least it's
progress I'll say that much sure all
right let's switch over to after dark
shall we yeah yes we
shall okay phone time while he gets set
up oh okay yeah really is this that
important to you just what is why why
won't you say it I think that's why I'm
so interested I'm being baited so Dan
can I ask you to do me a big favor yes
it's not going to be an easy favor oh
boy
what are you trying to do I need um I
need the
entire I need the entire place to go
completely dark oh oh okay can you do
that I think that's actually pretty easy
for
him ideally this one last which with the
overhead yes
sir feel free to do a merch message or
something in the meantime Luke yeah
there's there's a bunch in there for you
okay uno
momento and then I've got to get the
back ones the back ones are manual we
have to climb a ladder no we just turn
all everything off oh well I have to
climb a ladder maybe Dan can reach okay
let's see what this breaks should be
nothing you ready oh oh God you're
turning off the battery backup yeah um
okay ready yeah I guess
whoa
whoa that's so bright hold on hold on
I'm gonna have to play around with the
focus a little bit here um yeah cuz it
looks way better in
person it should
be it's gonna have a hard time in the
dark I
think that's that's very bright
so good okay you can turn the lights
back on how chat's actually asking the
same question I have how much
radiation how much radiation well just
glowin the dark yeah what is it are we
still live okay yeah we are uh sorry
what what makes it glow-in-the-dark it's
it's
cool what is it it's cool it's why are
you being so C about your phone skin
because uh I don't know some stuff might
happen did you make this cuz how is it
for that phone that's another that's I
think that's the thing that's been
driving me the most the Samsung Galaxy
Note 9 this is a popular device that
many people still enjoy yeah why how do
you have a so this was custom made for
you oh man it's textured too Isn't that
cool that's really nice actually pretty
cool hey it's also our company's
orange I don't know what you're talking
about
interesting it feels nice yeah I know
it's kind of grippy kind of feels good
yeah interesting
right all right cool okay I'm sure I'll
have more to say at some point yeah M
but um photo foressence is that
fine all I know about glow-in-the-dark
stuff is they used to do it with
incredibly radioactive stuff that was a
long time ago ethically sourced radon
now here I'm just going to give them a
closer look at it and then you can feel
free to do a merch
sure all right for Luke hey W Luke if
you can share what is the flow plane
algorithm for deciding username color on
a live in live chat yeah I guess live
chat
yeah I we're just stopping it there
we're not doing oh there's a Linus
question after that I see okay got it um
I don't remember that's entirely a Jaden
thing uh I think it's a secret if I
remember correctly I don't think it's a
secret I I think yeah Conrad saying it's
just a table I thought it was either
that or it was the first letter that it
was based off of you can see the the
texture yeah there you go if I remember
correctly you can even play with the
capitalization of your name and it will
change it or something I don't remember
exactly how it
works um if you ever see Jaden in the
chat poke him and he'll be able to tell
you if he feels like it or he won't
because he might not feel like it cuz
he's not on
shift sounds about right I'm not going
to tell him what to do um yeah that's it
lonus how do you feel about PlayStation
raising the prices on Horizon zero
Dawn is this for the remaster or
whatever like it's $10 more but now it's
remaster or something or what what are
we talking
about raising the price like it just
cost more happened but I don't know I
don't know it costs however much it
costs if you like the price then you buy
it at the price if you don't like the
price you don't pay for it that's uh
Playstation quietly raises Horizon zero
Dawn PS4 price following remaster
announcement
um yeah I guess don't buy it I mean I
don't know guys come on like yeah sucks
games cost a lot of money but like you
had like four year five years to buy
Horizon when did Horizon zero Dawn come
out yeah really Horizon zero Dawn
release PS4 cuz like I bought it on PC
like three years ago I feel like dude
this game came out in
2017 it came out s years ago if you
wanted to play it just play it I I don't
know
guys it's a scam there it's a scam it's
a scam it's scam it's a scam uh I mean
I'm not a fan of game prices going up
but like honestly we've talked about it
extensively on the show before the fact
that game prices haven't gone up a lot
more is crazy I I feel like it's been a
standoff where different companies are
just like who's going to go first dude
there's probably more people who work in
the marketing department of a modern AAA
game than worked on Super Mario World in
its entirety right like
it's and that was a that was a $60
cartridge back in
1994 93 when did Super Mario World come
out was it ' 92 was it I think it was 93
was it two 1990 good Lord right so yeah
games are flipping expensive I mean do I
think the whole we're remastering a
seven-year-old game thing is a little
bit ridiculous and sort of you know
playing around with the the hype cycle
and the fact that it's in the news and
raising the price or whatever it's like
yeah sure whatever but realistically
guys this is games wait another 3 months
and it's probably going to be on sale
again or whatever and you can get it for
a lower price like I really yeah I don't
think it's I don't think it's that big
of a deal personally I'm H I'm sorry man
I'm I'm gonna I'm gon to get I'm going
to get in
trouble uh okay I see I knew there'd be
more to it um
naturally people saw the this is I'm
reading off of dual Shockers I'm going
to just share my screen uh because they
seem to have actually pretty good
coverage of this uh naturally when
people saw the price spike of horizon
zero daon it left them scratching their
heads blah blah blah blah blah it's it's
like almost doubled in or it's
effectively doubled in price following
the the the title of this article is it
closes a loophole so I was like what
does that mean uh apparently you if you
if you own the original version you can
upgrade to the remaster version so they
released the remaster version at this
price we're just buying the old one and
then upgrading oh I've got it okay uh
so okay well that makes sense Luca 103
on the subject of scams asks where's
your iPhone
lonus after I shot the short circuit
they needed it for some other content so
they're going to give it to me when
they're done with it 16 yeah I'm going
with the 16 plus you're going to run one
like Mainline oh yeah you're going to
put that away yeah yep wow it's going
away wow it's going away um D Starfire
actually there's a couple questions from
float plane chat from earlier D Starfire
asked I've always wondered what is lmg
stance on like the LT gifs and Discord
and stuff like that uh we don't mind
that kind of thing this was in response
to the uh ghost keyboards situation oh
they're you're not that's not marketing
something with an endorsement with Linus
yeah yeah you're not creating a fake
endorsement of a product that I
explicitly said I don't think is a good
value yeah I think the gifts are
hilarious yeah I I we are pro Community
engagement and Community use of of our
of our likenesses any anytime some like
meme face of
me uh takes over the the subreddit for a
little while it's great
fun uh Tor mson asks how's the cat I
realized after I said that the cat was
at the vet I never really gave an update
he's doing great we don't know what
exactly his deal was um he was favoring
a leg a little bit maybe he just did
something stupid cuz he's a dumb kid
and and he got a little bit of
inflammation got a little bit of uh a
fever and then they they gave him um
they just gave him an anti-inflammatory
and painkillers and he was fine in like
two days cool so yeah he's doing great
all right what's up Lee dlee and Lee I
chimed in a while back asking Luke if he
had played body Cam and his opinions on
it is there any updates and if so how
does he feel about the camera movement
and mechanics did I ever talk about it I
don't know if you ever did there was a
brief discussion about it when it sort
of just first yeah I thought that might
have been on the pre-show though or it
might have been off camera I remember
talking about the laser scans and the
details and things like that but my went
back to it I hated it sorry to sorry to
the body cam tell us how you really feel
was it a
scam yes no no no no it like it has a
really interesting aesthetic they did
they they cooked they they did
interesting things with it but there was
parts of the game that were just like
what like if you it was uh the gameplay
that I was playing was like Seek and
Destroy style where when you die you're
out until the next round right but you
would then be able to Pilot a
drone so you could just fly around the
map almost no clip style because you
have a drone find where they are and
then the in-game voice chat you could
tell your teammates where they were oh
well that seems like an oversight so
stupid that's a scam so my team had one
less player than their
team the the KD ratios of everyone on
our team was better than them in general
but we would just always lose cuz it
would come down to a one like just I
don't know skill
issue probably I was pretty bad to be
completely
honest I did not do well but it was also
super annoying like you you would
actually get someone and you'd be stoked
and then you'd hear the Drone come
around and it's like oh okay guess I'm
screwed nice like and you just you hear
the voice chatting drone telling them
where you are it's like irer 6 says they
will announce a scam shirt next week
calling it now you must have missed the
part of the show where we said we are
going to do a scam shirt yeah yeah and
it like it was it was one of those games
where they're like it's realistic so
they just made it like feel horrible oh
sure like you're super clunky and like
coming to a stop is really slow and like
no it's really not actually that slow we
don't have to play this way people can
turn on a dime pretty quickly yeah yeah
um I don't know but it is the you know
the Aesthetics are really interesting
what they did with it is really
interesting just I did not enjoy the
gameplay and I did not enjoy the
gameplay mechanics like the whole drone
thing and stuff that drove me nuts um so
I I bailed out but yeah I'm going to try
to dump through some more luk ones here
the reviews are in for our wallpaper
app nice nice pretty good uh hi W show
question for Luke what are your thoughts
on companies asking employees to return
to office such as
Amazon um I'm glad I don't have to
answer this that they just asked
Luke I I don't know I
think I think just like with pretty much
any situation a lot of it's going to
come down to the management um I think
there are people I have can I talk
vaguely enough about this I think so I
have employed people that didn't work
out because in my opinion they weren't
necessarily a bad worker but they were
not capable of work from home
work um they they were you could you
could kind of tell they were not you
know they weren't doing it they probably
needed more micromanagement they
probably needed more someone can
literally see what they're doing all the
time level micromanagement um which you
can't effectively do with work from home
this whole like monitor their Mouse
movement thing whatever you will always
lose that war and also just can we not
yeah that too but the companies are
never going to win so they can we just
not they shouldn't even do it yeah
because it's like invasive and weird and
you're not going to win anyways so just
stop yeah um but properly managed teams
with good people that are going to be
honest and do their
work work from home versus work in
office I don't know it doesn't really
matter at this point I think it's like
easier to manage people that are work
from home I think you navigated that
really well the tough thing is that I
feel like in our super polarized world I
need a I need a more aggressive take no
no no no it's not that no no no in our
super polarized world you're either with
us or you're against us and so I think
for you to I think that you know you
would talk to the Kevin OES of the world
or whatever else and if you say anything
other than the employer has the absolute
right to dictate when and where the
Worker Works then they'll be like this
is communism you know and to be clear I
don't know Kevin o I don't know if he
just every time I every time I read
anything about his take on something
it's usually what I disagree with so I
just so I'm just picking on him
essentially I don't know exactly what
his take is on this but I'd probably
disagree with it and then on the other
side you've got like our SL antiwork
that basically goes I should work when I
want however I want and if I want and
whatever else um and and there's sort of
this like
for you to have sort of a a middle
ground uh feels impossible like for you
to say something like um you know yeah
sometimes the employer you know abuses
their their power um you know that's
going to upset your your your capitalist
fat cats and for you to say sometimes
the worker is not in good faith
contributing positively to the success
of the company that by the way pays
their you know paychecks um then the
other crowd is going to be up in arms
because no person could would ever do
that what you're saying is I just pissed
off everybody yeah kind of nice I don't
know Centrist yeah I also have people
literally on my team right now that I
think I could objectively say just work
better by working from home more on task
if anything like that that type of stuff
like there's just people are people and
and people are different oh dude this is
great people work FL chats lighting up
with just like dumb [__] that Kevin o
has
said oh man oh man I I don't even like
he was on Shark Tank right yeah the
Canadian one oh okay yeah the like you
know whale tank I don't know what it's
called salmon tank anyway anyway yeah
the reality of it is is there are AC
there are good faith and bad faith
bosses and there are good faith and bad
faith employees and any kind of
blanket this and only this is is the
interpretation of the situation is wrong
yeah period yep it's a different type of
management it also takes a sometimes not
always but sometimes it takes kind of a
different type of employee um y I think
it can be beneficial for some people I
think it can be negative for other
people I think sometimes if it is
negative for that person uh they might
be willing to make certain compromises
to make it work if it like saves them a
bunch of money or if it saves a bunch of
time or whatever else I've also found
that if it's negative for people they
tend to be the kinds of people that lack
the self-awareness to recognize that
it's negative for them that is almost
certainly also a thing um I think that's
also on both sides though I think I
think sometimes when if managers can't
figure out how to manage remote
employees um they will just say oh this
system doesn't work andame all these
people are bad and I'm good no one else
blah blah blah blah blah when
realistically it's just it's a you know
if if you are on a remote team and you
like it try to do good by it if you want
it to stay existing because there is a
bit of a war on this stuff going on
right now and I think being unrealistic
about its potential downsides is not
going to help um and I also think that
there is there's bad faith arguments on
both sides you know absolutely yeah it
is what it
is how about some more Luke ones hi Luke
as an avid active curler from California
sick yes we curl in California
California you had me in not going to
lie they had us in the first
half other Recreational Sports or is
that it uh my question is lead second
Vice or skip which one are you usually
playing also do you prefer draws or
hits oh generally hits no idea what
we're talking about hits are you a
curler from
California I only hear them called
takeouts um I'm probably wrong they're
probably right um I bet you a hit is
when it anyways don't worry it doesn't
matter uh I I believe I'm usually second
my dad is always the Skip and I don't
foresee myself ever playing curing if
it's not with my dad so I will not be
that role um usually my brother's the
lead I'm second my uncle or someone else
playing depending on if my uncle can
make it or not is third and then my dad
is skip
yeah it's basically just the order that
you throw the rocks in I no I know first
second third oh yeah yeah yeah what did
you say first second and third and then
skip is just last but it's essentially
like the team captain of sorts I sorry I
was just I was a little thrown off CU
you like kept forgetting your dad's name
what it's Rob not
skip no I'm just I I know the positions
okay I'm just fing him that's my
uncle oh
oh that's actually pretty funny terrible
um but no it's not even just the
throwing Order each one of them has like
slightly different roles and
responsibilities anyways most of it lays
on the on the and that I don't know
anything about because I've only ever
done it once yeah all right okay back up
to the top Hi D notice the new ad insert
tests compared to the normal ones on
recent videos can you talk about these
how are they doing any learnings
enjoying the change up personally I got
to tell you guys I um I'm as surprised
as you to see some of them the one where
my son gets swapped out with Dennis was
a little jarring oh I did see that that
was not that was not in the version of
the video that I
reviewed normally I'm the final pass
review on LTT videos I did not see that
um I thought it was really funny it was
funny yeah
um yeah I I think we're just we're
trying to we're trying to have fun with
it a little bit like we used to do more
of that kind of stuff and then we just
got kind of formulaic and that's
Dennis's job now is to make our make our
sponsorship spots as engaging as our
content I think he's
um sorry excuse me I think he's doing a
really good job in terms of making it
more engaging I think that the team is
still kind of working on you know what
kpis look like for sponsors to to drive
more revenue from it but if nothing else
if we're entertaining you guys then we
consider it a good investment I think
yeah um it doesn't all fall into my
department now you got to understand
that everything that I say now uh comes
from the perspective of a member of the
upper management but not the one who
makes even when he doesn't show up to
upper management meetings not the one
who makes all the decisions I show up
sometimes sometimes yeah and I get
summaries you can I've told I told you
com I told you you can always like call
me in if you need you know backup on
something or whatever I told you that
it's not even necessarily that I think
your
General input on things would be good
though well and you can always table
something for a future discussion if
you're just like yeah I've known lonus
for 1,000 years and I feel very strongly
that as the investor primary shareholder
of the company he would think this is
phenomenally stupid like we can always
have conversations nothing set in stone
we we make we try to make decisions as a
team um and I do think we do a pretty
good job I just think sometimes it's
surprising the amount of times that the
discussion goes to
what would lonus think and it's like wow
this would be insanely more efficient if
he was here and said what he was
thinking um okay but I got like videos
to shoot the challenge is like if all I
had to do was be an executive I could I
could probably do a pretty good job of
it I'd be bored as hell I I struggle to
stay on task in that way I I like
creating reports and weird world
reviewing reports like I can kind of do
it like I can hyperfocus and I can like
power through it I don't know if you
probably got a bunch of emails from me
like one morning yeah yeah I I no I
understand this doesn't even I went
through like 300 unread in my inbox and
just like powered through it on a flight
and like that's the kind of thing I can
do but I'm I'm more of a I'm a sprinter
I'm not a marathon runner and um and I'm
just like I I don't know I just I get
pulled in all these different directions
and I I enable it my behavior enables
the way that people pull me into side
conversations and like like talk to me
about things so I guess what I'm saying
is I'm more than happy to do that yeah
but um yeah I won't be in exact meeting
every time um anyway the point is um
yeah I'm a member of the exec team but
everything that I say is a perspective
of mine now it's not just what the
company is doing I am not the CEO the
company's big and there's a lot of execs
there a lot of I had a conversation with
Taran yesterday that was basically like
he was like uh you know
yeah uh you know are we are we doing
this it was like something that he wants
to do that I was kind of lukewarm on and
I was like well you said we're doing it
so we're doing it like and I was kind I
was kind of joking with him I was like
you know if I if if I give you the title
it's not a title it's it's a
responsibility and so you know
um as long as you have the title until
such time as you are fired um you have
my sword you know like there do you do
you ask
shareholders permission to do things you
it would be more the board of directors
board of directors but the board of
directors would often represent the
interests of the shareholders the
shareholders theoretically everyone is
sort of representing the interest of the
shareholders but members of the board of
directors especially in smaller
companies like ours are often the
shareholders people are tagging me and
then just saying
warm
nice
um yeah cuz I mean I think it's I think
it's still in in teran's defense I think
it's still valid to ask the shareholders
what they want yeah absolutely no it is
it is 100% and and and and for
me my role is not to micromanage that
it's to set the direction and you know
if there's a particular let's say a
Personnel decision or if there's a like
a like an investment decision um like if
there's some some kind of action in both
of those him going to I'm in I'm in
defend Teran mode now um no he's doing
great in both of those I'm not saying
you're saying he's not doing great I
just in both of those situations
um Vision man makes sense to consult in
both of the things that you just
described and depending on the impact
severity Etc of those things Consulting
shareholders might also make sense sure
but what I'm trying to say is that what
I is also empowered what I will probably
say is here's your rope which is fair
enough use it to go as far as you can or
use it to hang
yourself well it's an
expression fair enough right because
that that's the way it is that's what
that's what leadership is you either you
have to be given the leeway to
successfully lead until such time as you
lose the confidence of the board of
directors and then you're fired right
like because it's the top it's the top
position in the company it's realistic
so you either are capable of leading or
you've lost or you've lost confidence
and you're done
right like there's no real like it's not
like I can be like oh well why don't we
demote you to VP of happiness or
whatever right like is that that's not
how that works when someone is brought
into lead I feel like that is a role
that some company has somewhere I mean
probably but I don't think Taran would
be the one to occupy
it that guy is the worst resting face
it's it's pretty bad I'm used to it at
this point it doesn't phase me anymore
yeah and to be clear I'm not saying
anything about him that I haven't told
him to his face
multiple times yeah yeah he told me like
almost immediately he told he told you
that I suspect he probably yeah I was
going to say it was incredibly important
for him to say that otherwise I would
have been crying every time I talked to
him uh no you get used to it super if if
I know and everybody's like no he's just
like this then it's like okay yeah I can
I can I can handle that that's fine he's
just like
this by the way oh that's great Oh what
now what is a chief happiness officer oh
my goodness yeah you can't have a chief
happiness officer without that is the
most dystopian term I have ever heard in
my entire life beatings will continue
until morale improves
like all right top performers get an
additional one minute
break uh dear lonus if ad block is
piracy but closing your eyes isn't then
what is your opinion on a robot that
detects ads and puts a blindfold over
your face until it's over uh kind of
joking curious I'm going to ask have
either of you seen Black Mirror I should
I've only seen bits and pieces first
season 15 million merits there is
actually this they're forced to watch
advertisements or they can pay to make
them stop and if you cover your eyes a
rising tone gets louder and louder and
louder and it says resume viewing resume
viewing and uh you have to watch it um
is this in order
to you know what I think I think it's
scam yep scam yep okay I'm going to give
you a serious answer uh it's the
automation it's the automation that
makes it
that so anything you do anything you do
manually and then resume manually that
requires your attention because that's
essentially the payment the payment is
attention it can be attention on the ad
it can be attending to not paying
attention to the ad I I don't look at
ads I mean we've talked about this
extensively like I I actually it it is a
matter of personal Pride that I do not
like to be influenced by ads
occasionally I'll click on stuff very
very occasionally but I don't like doing
it and I will actually go out of my way
to just like avert my eyes for 9 seconds
and then like check back in but
attention is the form of payment so
you're either paying attention to when
it's over or you're paying attention to
it playing through
um and anyway it's not piracy it's
privateering we've been through this
yeah yeah
interesting take hey lonus Lan Dan
during a fresh Windows install Windows
update downloaded and flashed my bias on
restart is there an end in sight for the
amount of power Microsoft is taking
lately actually hold on I want to go
back to the other thing for a second
it's also it's also down to like I'm not
condemning anything whatever you're
comfortable with you just do your thing
there uh okay is there an end to the to
be fair um actually the the BIOS
flashing thing I believe that's more
down to the integrator like that would
never happen with a custom machine so I
don't think this is really Windows um
this is more Windows update having a
functionality that the system integrator
is choosing to make use of um as opposed
to Microsoft um seizing power there's
plenty of Microsoft abusing power lately
that we could point at I don't think
this is
it all
right okay what else I got to make sure
that that is broadcast since lmg has has
such a wide array of different jobs how
does growing in your own field look like
for example graphic designer
particularly with the continual growth
of the company like a lot of
small/medium I think technically we
still qualify as small by a lot of
definitions um like a lot of small
companies we struggle with this um
because and we've had to in some cases
create sort of I don't want to call them
artificial because they are reflective
of the increased experience and or
compensation that is associated with
them but we've had to kind of create new
segmentations sometimes within roles
that previously would have been the same
so we previously had writer now we have
Junior writer and Senior writer um you
could take you could take a piece from
like Silicon Valley Tech stuff where you
have like numbered levels yeah yeah
something like that 3 that one good
thing that could come from Silicon
Valley
Tech um I'm sure it's Miss used for
horrible reasons somehow it's absolutely
something that we have looked at a
little bit and it's absolutely something
that we haven't looked at enough and
haven't
solved lonus I remember you saying you
had to go to Saskatoon to get your ti
can how did you like your visit to our
flat chunk of dirt I did not say that um
this this kind of thing this kind of
thing happens a lot I read a lot of
things that I apparently said that I
definitely never said and definitely
never happened um I imported it from
Quebec so you're
close just got the province wrong and
you got who went where wrong um however
conveniently I have been to Saskatchewan
I think I end I think I drove through
Regina though which which one does uh
which one does the one road go through
um it was a long time ago I was I was 16
years of age but I did drive through the
Prairie
I didn't really think they were as flat
as people make them out to be yeah I
went through Regina I did not go through
Saskatoon that would boy would that ever
been a long way out of the way um yeah I
mean they were like they were flat but I
just the way people talk about it it's
like yeah you could see for like a
thousand miles in every D I mean like
yeah sort of like there's Rolling Hills
and stuff like at least uh at least in
the the the bottom part of Saskatchewan
that I drove through Regina you guys Reg
CH it's a city calm down I knew it was
going to happen
immediately immediately all Canadians
giggle too good job chat uh question to
lonus is there any other Tech or house
dream upgrades you want to make thanks
for all the amazing content um I don't
know it's all like kind of awesome I'm
getting pretty stoked on something we're
going to be working on I forget um no
not us oh cool uh we as in myself and
Emma um my roommate is gone yeah birds
were sick which sucked they were gone
for a long time it was very expensive
but that let us you know get crazy
chemical carpet cleaners in there just
really like clean things up um not a
great review of your former roommate for
the whole house in in his defense it was
pretty
bad but we did do it for the whole house
um and we're going to be moving all the
like computers and stuff in there and
we're already kind of planning out there
still more things to plan out but you
know um both desks against one wall with
like a little island in the middle for
where the birds are going to go and
stuff it's going to be it's going to be
pretty cool sick it's going to be cool I
can't really think of any uh any Tech
upgrades that I need to make right now
my my tech setup at my house is like
kind of oh and that awesome no I won't
go into it oh
okay now I'm
curious uh it's it doesn't really matter
but what go away okay sorry uh does
stopping a long form YouTube video and
finishing it later or the next day
negatively affect the Creator I can't
answer for sure but what I can say is
that probably that would actually be a
positive signal uh we have videos that
have extremely low retention but
extremely long uh strong performance
over time um here let me see if I can
just uh what is happening right now
Google analytics is a weird or YouTube
analytics is a weird yeah so here weird
magic here check this out
um me just going to share my screen real
quick here so how to build a PC the last
guide you'll ever need let's let's look
at the original
one this retention graph is absolute poo
poo like by the end of this video only
16% of people are watching this video
and yet this got served for a whopping
12 million views on the platform so like
for context here okay let's take
something um let's take something more
recent okay can you have too many Wi-Fi
routers obviously it's a much shorter
video but you can you can clearly see
here we're looking at more like by the
time the end sponsorship SP
45% above typical retention right by the
time we reach the end I don't know 1.3
million views let's not let's not let's
not serve that as much uh YouTube home
down YouTube recommendations down uh why
would that be because the first video I
showed you guys is reference material
the overall watch time is huge because
it's like 2 hours long so that 16% or
whatever it was at the end amounts to
longer watch time and YouTube wants you
on the platform the other thing is that
people look at it they go well that's
nice but I'm not building a computer
right now and then they come back when
it is time to build a computer that is a
very strong signal so you just have to
think about what kind of signal your
behavior is sending algorithmically
looking at something going I don't have
time for this right now and going out of
your way going out of your way to take
part of your day and search for it and
go back to it and finish it that is a
very strong signal that you were quite
engaged by that content so I would say
it's a very good thing actually don't
don't like do that don't just like start
videos and then like like go back on
purpose to go watch them or whatever
just just you know use the platform and
it should theoretically tune itself for
you yeah hey lonus now that you are
switching to iPhone will you also be
trying the Apple ecosystem watch Mac OS
maybe homekit uh I don't really have any
need to switch to Mac OS right now and
besides I think my perspective with
iPhones was always using an iPhone as a
Windows guy um and that will continue to
be my perspective I think D currently
working for a tech startup in a
decisionmaking position and my team is
scaling quickly what methods have you
used to evaluate if you're making the
right decisions for
growth these are hard questions yeah
it's hard I mean realistically you could
take an entire degree of that yeah so
and you'd still barely know what you're
doing yeah um find data you can trust at
least a bit and then try to be guided by
also as as much as I'm not a fan of the
guy uh Bezos has an interesting quote on
data stuff that I've been trying to push
around a little bit lately as we're as
we're getting more and more data driven
um that the it's very easy for data tock
why it's also very easy for you to
misinterpret what the data really means
so if the sentiment and it's really good
to capture data and to read it and try
to figure out what's going on but if the
sentiment and the data notably don't
match try to figure out what's going on
but generally you should strongly
consider the sentiment it says something
along that lines I don't remember what
it
is how have power tool companies been
given a pass for so long for locking
consumers into their ecosystems with
battery while companies like Apple or
Google are criticized for being anti-
consumer because uh it's a different
less
um okay first of all if you talk to any
trades they hate that drives them crazy
um you know you talk to uh talk to
Farmers they hate lock down John Deere
tractors you know they're not they're
not getting a pass um we Tech folk just
aren't talking about it because it
doesn't affect us dayto day because no
offense to you uh but you probably don't
work with a drill every day because you
watch this show and yes yes you I know
you do but most of the views don't
so we tend to kind of fixate on the
things that affect us day-to-day the
things that we are closest to I mean
that's that's probably a significant
contributor to how flipped out everybody
was over mkbhd's wallpaper app uh if
someone that you didn't know you know if
uh if what's what's her name the uh uh
the goop goop actress
oh goop actress yeah if she if she
launched some uh gwenth goop yeah goop
if she launched some if she launched
some goop product that was like a $100
you know cucumber slice that you put on
your eye or whatever you won't hear
about it you won't care that doesn't
mean that she got away with it you know
yeah you just didn't care yeah I'm
fighting with a Milwaukee guy you're
forgetting about the brand loyalty as
well yeah they also might not care
because they will happily give like
Milwaukee $300 for a radio boo Milwaukee
get the Makita espresso machine that's
battery powered yes it's a real thing
there's a lot of brand war in it's
really intense with tools trol a crazy
one you have aord we can't be friends
now my dad's a Ryobi guy I like the
green dude there's people who would
actually just like use a manual
screwdriver versus use a drill from a
brand that they don't like it's it's it
is mind-blowing should
is I will not touch team red so I wasn't
um I wasn't kidding about that this is a
this is a radio for $300 Canadian
dollars um yeah KMS Tools is right look
you got you got to show the Makita
coffee
maker you have coffee maker I need you
too I know we pressed for time but you
okay well at least it's cheaper than the
other
thing okay I'm over it I don't need to
click yeah that's fine you you get the
point all right I appreciate you all I
am curious about how Linus's solar
panels have been impacting his electric
bill maybe an idea for a future video
lowering it a
bit hey lld love how you guys keep
reviews on LTD store as they are and
don't censor poor reviews
that said why are we not able to review
products after a few
months I don't
know just review them right away I guess
well no that's stupid because then if
you wanted to leave a long-term review
you wouldn't be able to I uh I don't
know uh we had an issue with our reviews
um our reviews plugin this week where uh
someone thought we were we had changed
the the
gradient oh it's still it's still like
this okay so on some with very few
reviews it the way the gradients work on
the lower ones oh no it's the oh yeah no
this is this is better because the
opacity was different opacity opaque
opacity oh was it like blue at the so
it's harder to see or um yeah the colors
were different so it made it seem like
these ones were not as big when they we
weren't doing that in no we didn't do
that int no no no it's okay it's okay
it's okay anyway Conrad already fixed it
but the point is that um we didn't do
that intentionally the plugin that we
use for customer reviews just like
updated and like we didn't know and we
had to manually intervene in order to
make it not do that um so it's possible
that might just be a limitation of the
platform we use we don't we didn't
create our own review system and like I
there are things I don't like about it
uh I don't want us to make our own yeah
that's basically where we're at on this
it is what it is cool I don't think
anyone else internally wants us to make
our own either so yep sorry that will
not be an initiative yo lonus have you
played Paper Mario the Thousand-Year
Door it seems like the sort of RPG you'd
have fun playing I have not but I should
uh it definitely seems like the sort of
RPG I would enjoy oh I accidentally
that's fine just archived a second one
hi wano this is for you lonus uh you
have mentioned that you are emotionally
needy in relationships how did you and
Avon deal with this and what
conversation complications did you both
have well we're both emotionally needy
so we um met and then basically
you notice I never talk about
friends that I
have other than like people I work
with it's because Ivon and I met became
completely I believe the word is and
mesed umed yeah and um healthy or not um
hey we're coming up on 20 years baby I'd
say that's healthy congratulations
um so cool
all right I found the one that you
deleted uh hello w. dll I'm currently
without power and internet due to 4 days
due to the hurricane Helen uh but safe
how would you handle getting your Tech
family through a similar situation
without
power I I'm I'm super obsessive about
battery Banks I have tons and they tend
to be rather charged um
I've got I've got food and water
reserves the problem is that he's
currently without power ah that makes
things really hard you haven't already
prepped yeah I don't know what uh what
we did for a long time is we got an
old Generator from a boat diesel
generator from a boat and you could run
that thing on like old engine oil if you
wanted to was really powerful very very
uh easy to run giant but also very cheap
a lot of people do the natural gas ones
outside but that doesn't really work if
the natural gas infrastructure
explodes don't know code red 255 in
float plane asks is this a
rerun the W show is always live except
for that one time was it April fools
that we did a pre-recorded one or was it
Christmas I think we did one on
Christmas I think it was Christmas I
think we've done it once or twice we
pre-recorded the W show
um I'll prove
it see I wouldn't do that if it was
pre-recorded why would I think to
pre-record that that'd be crazy 40
chess with time travel
yeah okay well last one then oh ouch lus
say I have heard you recommend ano 1800
for years I finally got the game for
steam I have been playing on my
framework 13 do it yourself until 12th
gen do you have any suggestions for a
noob um watch at least a couple of just
like people's startup videos and then
invest no more than probably like 32 60
Minutes in that because it's fine you'll
you'll you'll want to explore for
yourself right like you'll want to kind
of figure out your own way to do things
and then the other big one is look at
just one or two videos of people kind of
showing off their final States because
that'll give you a some ideas in your
mind for what you need to plan ahead for
as you're laying the foundation of your
city or
cities my thing would actually be
something that lonus hammered in
hammered home for me um I was somewhat
sheltered when I when I kind of first
started playing ano because I would just
like be the military ship guy and then
lonus would build all the islands but
something he used to mention all the
time was to look at your
production so instead of just like
looking at the map and you know you
highlight over something and you're like
oh I don't have enough of this I'll
build another thing so that I can have
more of it um that's actually a pretty
bad way to go you want to look into your
production and see how much your your
like resource harvesting places are
generating versus how much your your
product producing places are are using
those things and making new ones and how
many of those things you actually need
and balance the equation um instead of
just like building kind of stuff that
you think you might need it's wildly
more efficient and I find more rewarding
and once you figure that out on one
Island then the efficiency growth of
like oh actually potatoes take up a lot
of freaking space so I found this other
Island that has potatoes maybe I'll just
grow those there and I'll set up a trade
route back and forth and do it that way
doing stuff like that starts to become
very
natural
yeah this is cool I didn't know about
this
someone pointed this out in chat Cas
multibrand battery
system Cas
Brands um
cordless Alliance something I think do
you just need like an adapter or
something uh I don't
know Metabo
Metabo cast cordless sorry the drill
communicates with the battery itself the
BMS as a special specialized computer in
it on each battery um I know because uh
family friend is a Makita dealer and he
gets us buckets of old batteries that
have basically just failed and then we
Frankenstein them back together make
adapter plates and things like that um
it's very interesting cool I forget what
does c stand for I think we've love
huged to the site oh cordless Alliance
System there it is cool well good luck
with
that and good luck with you guys finding
something to do now cuz it's the end of
the show yeah we'll see you again next
week same bad time same bad Channel
bye go home medicate your birds yes
[Music]